the sign is not yellow .it is brown .the sign is brown .
the hat is not white .it is brown .the hat is brown .
the hat is not red .it is blue .the hat is blue .
the lid is not new .it is old .the lid is old .
mateo did not buy coffee .he bought rice .mateo bought rice .
the cup is not white .it is black .the cup is black .
the sign is not black .it is red .the sign is red .
the van is not green .it is white .the van is white .
the scarf is not brown .it is grey .the scarf is grey .
the mug is not black .it is yellow .the mug is yellow .
mateo did not choose coffee .he chose soup .mateo chose soup .
the kite is not brown .it is blue .the kite is blue .
the cup is not red .it is green .the cup is green .
iris did not choose soup .she chose bread .iris chose bread .
the card is not grey .it is red .the card is red .
the card is not yellow .it is green .the card is green .
that flag is not blue .it is grey .
the plate is not blue .it is red .the plate is red .
the fence is not new .it is old .the fence is old .
the bowl is not grey .it is green .the bowl is green .
clara did not choose coffee .she chose soup .clara chose soup .
the bowl was not brown .it was blue .the bowl was blue .
the van was not red .it was black .the van was black .
that bench is not yellow .it is red .
the window was not new .it was old .the window was old .
the plate is not blue .it is green .the plate is green .
the bowl is not green .it is black .the bowl is black .
the sign is not grey .it is yellow .the sign is yellow .
the card is not red .it is black .the card is black .
the flag is not red .it is brown .the flag is brown .
the coat is not green .it is grey .the coat is grey .
the flag was not blue .it was grey .the flag was grey .
the chair is not yellow .it is blue .the chair is blue .
the fence is not loud .it is quiet .the fence is quiet .
the cup is not red .it is white .the cup is white .
the chair is not yellow .it is black .the chair is black .
kira did not choose coffee .she chose salt .kira chose salt .
the bowl is not blue .it is yellow .the bowl is yellow .
the gate was not clean .it was dirty .the gate was dirty .
jonas did not choose salt .he chose water .jonas chose water .
the gate is not wet .it is dry .the gate is dry .
the hat is not yellow .it is white .the hat is white .
the coat is not black .it is brown .the coat is brown .
the van is not grey .it is white .the van is white .
the lid is not dark .it is bright .the lid is bright .
the plate is not blue .it is grey .the plate is grey .
the drawer is not heavy .it is light .the drawer is light .
hana did not choose soup .she chose rice .hana chose rice .
the drawer was not open .it was shut .the drawer was shut .
the lid was not new .it was old .the lid was old .
the fence is not narrow .it is wide .the fence is wide .
iris did not choose bread .she chose coffee .iris chose coffee .
the kite is not red .it is white .the kite is white .
jonas did not choose rice .he chose salt .jonas chose salt .
the bowl is not red .it is blue .the bowl is blue .
the cup is not grey .it is white .the cup is white .
the window was not open .it was closed .the window was closed .
the card is not grey .it is black .the card is black .
the scarf is not red .it is black .the scarf is black .
the card is not green .it is black .the card is black .
hana did not buy rice .she bought water .hana bought water .
the cup is not white .it is brown .the cup is brown .
jonas did not choose soup .he chose rice .jonas chose rice .
the mug is not black .it is grey .the mug is grey .
the plate is not green .it is yellow .the plate is yellow .
the hat is not black .it is white .the hat is white .
iris did not buy soup .she bought bread .iris bought bread .
hana did not buy soup .she bought coffee .hana bought coffee .
the flag is not grey .it is black .the flag is black .
the sign is not green .it is red .the sign is red .
iris did not buy bread .she bought water .iris bought water .
the sign is not yellow .it is grey .the sign is grey .
the van is not black .it is grey .the van is grey .
the scarf is not green .it is brown .the scarf is brown .
the van was not black .it was green .the van was green .
the sign is not grey .it is brown .the sign is brown .
that chair is not black .it is red .
the bench is not yellow .it is blue .the bench is blue .
the chair is not blue .it is red .the chair is red .
clara did not choose bread .she chose soup .clara chose soup .
the van is not grey .it is red .the van is red .
the cup is not yellow .it is brown .the cup is brown .
the scarf is not black .it is green .the scarf is green .
jonas did not buy soup .he bought water .jonas bought water .
the coat is not yellow .it is white .the coat is white .
the bowl is not white .it is grey .the bowl is grey .
the kite is not green .it is black .the kite is black .
the chair is not white .it is yellow .the chair is yellow .
the van is not white .it is blue .the van is blue .
that bench is not green .it is black .
the scarf is not green .it is white .the scarf is white .
the hat is not blue .it is yellow .the hat is yellow .
the mug is not green .it is grey .the mug is grey .
ben did not choose water .he chose rice .ben chose rice .
the drawer was not clean .it was dirty .the drawer was dirty .
the hat is not blue .it is grey .the hat is grey .
the plate is not grey .it is yellow .the plate is yellow .
the drawer was not dark .it was bright .the drawer was bright .
the plate is not white .it is green .the plate is green .
the card is not brown .it is blue .the card is blue .
the bowl was not red .it was yellow .the bowl was yellow .
the sign is not green .it is white .the sign is white .
the hat was not red .it was grey .the hat was grey .
the kite is not yellow .it is white .the kite is white .
the kite is not green .it is brown .the kite is brown .
the flag is not green .it is blue .the flag is blue .
the gate is not full .it is empty .the gate is empty .
the bench is not green .it is yellow .the bench is yellow .
the scarf is not black .it is blue .the scarf is blue .
the bench is not yellow .it is black .the bench is black .
the bench is not red .it is black .the bench is black .
jonas did not choose soup .he chose water .jonas chose water .
the mug is not brown .it is grey .the mug is grey .
the window is not full .it is empty .the window is empty .
the coat is not grey .it is green .the coat is green .
hana did not choose soup .she chose coffee .hana chose coffee .
the chair is not green .it is red .the chair is red .
diego did not buy soup .he bought bread .diego bought bread .
the coat is not black .it is white .the coat is white .
the mug is not blue .it is yellow .the mug is yellow .
the card is not blue .it is white .the card is white .
the fence is not wet .it is dry .the fence is dry .
the mug is not red .it is green .the mug is green .
the sign is not red .it is green .the sign is green .
the bowl is not green .it is brown .the bowl is brown .
the bowl is not white .it is red .the bowl is red .
kira did not choose rice .she chose soup .kira chose soup .
the cup is not blue .it is brown .the cup is brown .
the scarf is not yellow .it is brown .the scarf is brown .
the scarf is not red .it is yellow .the scarf is yellow .
mateo did not buy salt .he bought rice .mateo bought rice .
the coat is not yellow .it is green .the coat is green .
clara did not choose bread .she chose soup .clara chose soup .
the chair is not brown .it is black .the chair is black .
the mug is not grey .it is green .the mug is green .
the lid is not heavy .it is light .the lid is light .
the bench is not grey .it is white .the bench is white .
the window is not near .it is far .the window is far .
the cup is not blue .it is grey .the cup is grey .
the chair is not brown .it is yellow .the chair is yellow .
the bowl is not black .it is yellow .the bowl is yellow .
the kite is not black .it is brown .the kite is brown .
the scarf is not red .it is blue .the scarf is blue .
mateo did not choose rice .he chose bread .mateo chose bread .
the bench is not red .it is blue .the bench is blue .
that chair is not green .it is red .
that hat is not red .it is grey .
the fence was not open .it was closed .the fence was closed .
the sign is not white .it is grey .the sign is grey .
the hat was not brown .it was blue .the hat was blue .
the cupboard is not dark .it is bright .the cupboard is bright .
the hat is not green .it is red .the hat is red .
the scarf is not brown .it is black .the scarf is black .
the card is not yellow .it is red .the card is red .
the card is not red .it is brown .the card is brown .
the coat is not green .it is yellow .the coat is yellow .
the kite is not black .it is grey .the kite is grey .
the hat is not black .it is yellow .the hat is yellow .
the scarf is not blue .it is white .the scarf is white .
the bench was not white .it was grey .the bench was grey .
the hat is not blue .it is red .the hat is red .
the kite is not brown .it is red .the kite is red .
kira did not buy coffee .she bought rice .kira bought rice .
the sign is not brown .it is blue .the sign is blue .
the kite is not yellow .it is black .the kite is black .
clara did not choose bread .she chose water .clara chose water .
the hat is not green .it is brown .the hat is brown .
ben did not choose water .he chose coffee .ben chose coffee .
the cup is not red .it is grey .the cup is grey .
that bowl is not green .it is red .
the card is not grey .it is green .the card is green .
the bench is not white .it is grey .the bench is grey .
the bowl was not red .it was yellow .the bowl was yellow .
the scarf is not green .it is red .the scarf is red .
that flag is not red .it is green .
the plate is not blue .it is black .the plate is black .
the bench is not blue .it is yellow .the bench is yellow .
that van is not black .it is green .
the chair is not yellow .it is red .the chair is red .
the hat is not brown .it is yellow .the hat is yellow .
the chair is not white .it is green .the chair is green .
the lid was not clean .it was dirty .the lid was dirty .
the plate is not white .it is red .the plate is red .
the cup was not blue .it was grey .the cup was grey .
the hat is not blue .it is brown .the hat is brown .
the kite is not grey .it is red .the kite is red .
the sign is not red .it is blue .the sign is blue .
the hat is not grey .it is black .the hat is black .
the card is not brown .it is green .the card is green .
the bench is not green .it is red .the bench is red .
the flag is not blue .it is green .the flag is green .
the bowl is not white .it is yellow .the bowl is yellow .
ben did not choose bread .he chose water .ben chose water .
the van was not green .it was brown .the van was brown .
the window is not open .it is shut .the window is shut .
the kite is not green .it is blue .the kite is blue .
the lid is not full .it is empty .the lid is empty .
that chair is not brown .it is yellow .
kira did not choose soup .she chose coffee .kira chose coffee .
kira did not choose coffee .she chose bread .kira chose bread .
the mug is not white .it is grey .the mug is grey .
hana did not buy water .she bought rice .hana bought rice .
the bench is not brown .it is black .the bench is black .
the gate was not full .it was empty .the gate was empty .
the flag is not red .it is grey .the flag is grey .
the hat is not yellow .it is brown .the hat is brown .
the scarf is not green .it is yellow .the scarf is yellow .
the hat is not white .it is black .the hat is black .
the window was not hot .it was cold .the window was cold .
the cup is not blue .it is red .the cup is red .
the kite is not blue .it is grey .the kite is grey .
the bowl is not brown .it is red .the bowl is red .
the coat is not blue .it is grey .the coat is grey .
the chair is not red .it is grey .the chair is grey .
the scarf is not green .it is black .the scarf is black .
the scarf is not blue .it is brown .the scarf is brown .
the cup is not brown .it is green .the cup is green .
the chair is not black .it is blue .the chair is blue .
the cup is not brown .it is blue .the cup is blue .
the sign is not green .it is black .the sign is black .
the sign is not green .it is yellow .the sign is yellow .
the plate is not green .it is black .the plate is black .
the chair is not yellow .it is brown .the chair is brown .
the fence was not loud .it was quiet .the fence was quiet .
the van is not black .it is white .the van is white .
the van is not green .it is brown .the van is brown .
the lid is not hot .it is cold .the lid is cold .
the window was not loud .it was quiet .the window was quiet .
the gate is not clean .it is dirty .the gate is dirty .
the bench is not brown .it is yellow .the bench is yellow .
the drawer is not near .it is far .the drawer is far .
the van is not yellow .it is white .the van is white .
diego did not buy salt .he bought soup .diego bought soup .
the card is not green .it is red .the card is red .
the bowl is not yellow .it is brown .the bowl is brown .
the cup is not blue .it is yellow .the cup is yellow .
the bowl is not blue .it is brown .the bowl is brown .
the bowl is not grey .it is blue .the bowl is blue .
the coat is not green .it is blue .the coat is blue .
the coat is not blue .it is green .the coat is green .
the van is not white .it is grey .the van is grey .
the gate is not loud .it is quiet .the gate is quiet .
the drawer is not wet .it is dry .the drawer is dry .
the hat is not brown .it is red .the hat is red .
the bowl is not brown .it is black .the bowl is black .
the card is not white .it is black .the card is black .
the scarf is not grey .it is green .the scarf is green .
hana did not choose soup .she chose coffee .hana chose coffee .
the flag is not yellow .it is white .the flag is white .
the scarf is not white .it is brown .the scarf is brown .
the plate is not brown .it is red .the plate is red .
the bench is not black .it is brown .the bench is brown .
the bowl is not black .it is red .the bowl is red .
the hat is not white .it is yellow .the hat is yellow .
the coat is not brown .it is yellow .the coat is yellow .
the chair is not red .it is black .the chair is black .
the van is not yellow .it is brown .the van is brown .
diego did not choose salt .he chose soup .diego chose soup .
the sign is not black .it is grey .the sign is grey .
the hat is not red .it is yellow .the hat is yellow .
the mug is not blue .it is grey .the mug is grey .
the sign is not grey .it is green .the sign is green .
the lid is not wet .it is dry .the lid is dry .
the bench is not red .it is white .the bench is white .
the bench is not yellow .it is grey .the bench is grey .
the flag is not yellow .it is blue .the flag is blue .
the flag is not grey .it is brown .the flag is brown .
the scarf is not red .it is brown .the scarf is brown .
the coat is not red .it is white .the coat is white .
the card is not blue .it is grey .the card is grey .
the van is not green .it is yellow .the van is yellow .
the bowl is not red .it is white .the bowl is white .
the coat is not white .it is red .the coat is red .
the drawer is not clean .it is dirty .the drawer is dirty .
the cupboard is not full .it is empty .the cupboard is empty .
kira did not buy coffee .she bought salt .kira bought salt .
the coat is not red .it is brown .the coat is brown .
the scarf is not black .it is yellow .the scarf is yellow .
the plate is not white .it is blue .the plate is blue .
that van is not brown .it is white .
the bench is not brown .it is white .the bench is white .
hana did not buy soup .she bought water .hana bought water .
the scarf is not grey .it is black .the scarf is black .
the chair was not brown .it was yellow .the chair was yellow .
the kite is not yellow .it is grey .the kite is grey .
the card is not white .it is red .the card is red .
the card is not red .it is yellow .the card is yellow .
the van is not black .it is brown .the van is brown .
the kite is not grey .it is brown .the kite is brown .
that hat is not white .it is green .
the bench is not black .it is green .the bench is green .
the bench is not green .it is white .the bench is white .
the kite is not green .it is white .the kite is white .
the kite is not grey .it is blue .the kite is blue .
the van is not grey .it is yellow .the van is yellow .
the drawer is not new .it is old .the drawer is old .
iris did not buy rice .she bought coffee .iris bought coffee .
jonas did not choose coffee .he chose rice .jonas chose rice .
the scarf is not yellow .it is black .the scarf is black .
the kite is not white .it is red .the kite is red .
the sign is not blue .it is red .the sign is red .
the coat is not black .it is red .the coat is red .
the gate was not hot .it was cold .the gate was cold .
kira did not buy soup .she bought coffee .kira bought coffee .
ben did not buy water .he bought coffee .ben bought coffee .
the plate is not grey .it is green .the plate is green .
that van is not red .it is white .
the bowl is not brown .it is green .the bowl is green .
the chair is not grey .it is red .the chair is red .
the cup is not green .it is brown .the cup is brown .
the gate was not open .it was shut .the gate was shut .
the plate is not yellow .it is brown .the plate is brown .
the fence was not full .it was empty .the fence was empty .
ben did not buy bread .he bought water .ben bought water .
iris did not choose soup .she chose salt .iris chose salt .
the chair is not white .it is blue .the chair is blue .
the van is not brown .it is green .the van is green .
that van is not grey .it is brown .
the hat is not brown .it is white .the hat is white .
the flag was not grey .it was yellow .the flag was yellow .
the sign is not black .it is green .the sign is green .
the van is not red .it is black .the van is black .
the bowl is not yellow .it is red .the bowl is red .
the plate is not white .it is black .the plate is black .
the gate is not near .it is far .the gate is far .
the bench is not blue .it is green .the bench is green .
the kite is not red .it is grey .the kite is grey .
that bench is not white .it is black .
the bench is not blue .it is red .the bench is red .
the flag is not red .it is green .the flag is green .
the mug is not brown .it is blue .the mug is blue .
the plate is not blue .it is brown .the plate is brown .
the flag is not brown .it is red .the flag is red .
the bowl is not yellow .it is green .the bowl is green .
diego did not buy soup .he bought water .diego bought water .
the bowl is not brown .it is blue .the bowl is blue .
the fence was not hot .it was cold .the fence was cold .
the coat is not white .it is green .the coat is green .
the plate is not black .it is white .the plate is white .
clara did not choose soup .she chose coffee .clara chose coffee .
the flag is not blue .it is grey .the flag is grey .
the coat is not blue .it is white .the coat is white .
the flag is not white .it is black .the flag is black .
that chair is not green .it is black .
the mug is not white .it is blue .the mug is blue .
the plate is not red .it is brown .the plate is brown .
jonas did not choose water .he chose bread .jonas chose bread .
the kite is not red .it is green .the kite is green .
mateo did not buy water .he bought soup .mateo bought soup .
the bench is not red .it is grey .the bench is grey .
the mug is not yellow .it is white .the mug is white .
the coat was not green .it was yellow .the coat was yellow .
hana did not choose water .she chose rice .hana chose rice .
the chair was not blue .it was green .the chair was green .
the sign is not green .it is brown .the sign is brown .
the bench is not white .it is black .the bench is black .
the hat is not white .it is blue .the hat is blue .
the mug is not grey .it is white .the mug is white .
the card is not black .it is yellow .the card is yellow .
the fence is not open .it is closed .the fence is closed .
kira did not choose coffee .she chose rice .kira chose rice .
the van was not red .it was white .the van was white .
the hat is not green .it is black .the hat is black .
the cupboard was not narrow .it was wide .the cupboard was wide .
kira did not buy rice .she bought soup .kira bought soup .
the bowl is not white .it is black .the bowl is black .
the cup is not red .it is black .the cup is black .
the flag is not black .it is red .the flag is red .
the cup is not brown .it is red .the cup is red .
the coat is not blue .it is black .the coat is black .
the chair is not black .it is green .the chair is green .
the card is not black .it is green .the card is green .
the mug is not grey .it is yellow .the mug is yellow .
the mug is not white .it is brown .the mug is brown .
the kite is not brown .it is white .the kite is white .
jonas did not buy water .he bought bread .jonas bought bread .
the chair is not yellow .it is green .the chair is green .
the flag is not brown .it is grey .the flag is grey .
the hat is not black .it is red .the hat is red .
the van is not yellow .it is blue .the van is blue .
that coat is not green .it is blue .
the sign is not white .it is brown .the sign is brown .
the coat is not blue .it is yellow .the coat is yellow .
the flag is not blue .it is white .the flag is white .
the plate is not yellow .it is blue .the plate is blue .
the van is not black .it is red .the van is red .
the cup is not grey .it is yellow .the cup is yellow .
the kite is not green .it is red .the kite is red .
jonas did not buy soup .he bought rice .jonas bought rice .
the chair is not yellow .it is white .the chair is white .
the lid is not open .it is closed .the lid is closed .
the kite is not black .it is blue .the kite is blue .
the scarf is not white .it is red .the scarf is red .
the gate was not near .it was far .the gate was far .
the hat is not black .it is brown .the hat is brown .
the bowl is not red .it is grey .the bowl is grey .
iris did not choose rice .she chose coffee .iris chose coffee .
the sign is not brown .it is red .the sign is red .
the sign is not blue .it is grey .the sign is grey .
the cup is not black .it is white .the cup is white .
the scarf is not white .it is grey .the scarf is grey .
mateo did not choose water .he chose soup .mateo chose soup .
the kite is not grey .it is white .the kite is white .
the bench is not black .it is red .the bench is red .
that bowl is not red .it is yellow .
the van is not brown .it is black .the van is black .
kira did not buy coffee .she bought bread .kira bought bread .
the card is not black .it is blue .the card is blue .
the sign is not blue .it is brown .the sign is brown .
the chair is not black .it is yellow .the chair is yellow .
the bench was not green .it was black .the bench was black .
the bench is not black .it is grey .the bench is grey .
kira did not choose rice .she chose soup .kira chose soup .
the van is not green .it is black .the van is black .
the mug is not brown .it is red .the mug is red .
the flag is not green .it is yellow .the flag is yellow .
the bowl was not grey .it was brown .the bowl was brown .
the card is not blue .it is black .the card is black .
the coat is not brown .it is black .the coat is black .
ben did not choose rice .he chose water .ben chose water .
the window is not heavy .it is light .the window is light .
the sign is not white .it is blue .the sign is blue .
the coat is not black .it is blue .the coat is blue .
the gate was not wet .it was dry .the gate was dry .
the flag is not grey .it is green .the flag is green .
the van is not yellow .it is black .the van is black .
the chair is not black .it is red .the chair is red .
that bowl is not black .it is red .
the fence is not near .it is far .the fence is far .
mateo did not buy bread .he bought water .mateo bought water .
the flag is not black .it is yellow .the flag is yellow .
the mug is not yellow .it is green .the mug is green .
the scarf is not brown .it is white .the scarf is white .
the plate is not brown .it is white .the plate is white .
the mug is not yellow .it is brown .the mug is brown .
the bench is not white .it is brown .the bench is brown .
ben did not buy rice .he bought bread .ben bought bread .
jonas did not choose water .he chose soup .jonas chose soup .
the flag is not brown .it is blue .the flag is blue .
the plate is not brown .it is grey .the plate is grey .
the cupboard is not open .it is closed .the cupboard is closed .
the hat is not red .it is white .the hat is white .
the van is not green .it is red .the van is red .
the hat is not green .it is grey .the hat is grey .
the cup is not black .it is red .the cup is red .
the drawer was not hot .it was cold .the drawer was cold .
the plate is not yellow .it is white .the plate is white .
the card is not white .it is green .the card is green .
the kite is not black .it is white .the kite is white .
that bowl is not brown .it is blue .
the cup is not green .it is red .the cup is red .
the mug is not black .it is green .the mug is green .
the van is not white .it is green .the van is green .
the cup is not grey .it is green .the cup is green .
the bench is not grey .it is green .the bench is green .
the van is not red .it is blue .the van is blue .
the cupboard was not heavy .it was light .the cupboard was light .
the bench is not brown .it is red .the bench is red .
the bench is not blue .it is black .the bench is black .
the chair is not grey .it is brown .the chair is brown .
the mug is not brown .it is green .the mug is green .
that bench is not blue .it is grey .
the card is not blue .it is yellow .the card is yellow .
the cup is not black .it is brown .the cup is brown .
the plate is not black .it is brown .the plate is brown .
the sign is not black .it is brown .the sign is brown .
the van is not red .it is brown .the van is brown .
the bench is not green .it is grey .the bench is grey .
jonas did not buy water .he bought soup .jonas bought soup .
the kite is not yellow .it is green .the kite is green .
the mug is not black .it is red .the mug is red .
the plate is not green .it is grey .the plate is grey .
the flag is not white .it is grey .the flag is grey .
the coat is not yellow .it is brown .the coat is brown .
the bowl is not black .it is brown .the bowl is brown .
the mug is not blue .it is white .the mug is white .
the hat is not yellow .it is black .the hat is black .
the van is not black .it is green .the van is green .
the coat is not brown .it is white .the coat is white .
the window is not loud .it is quiet .the window is quiet .
hana did not choose rice .she chose salt .hana chose salt .
the van is not blue .it is white .the van is white .
the van is not blue .it is grey .the van is grey .
that hat is not brown .it is blue .
the flag is not grey .it is yellow .the flag is yellow .
the bench was not blue .it was grey .the bench was grey .
the bowl is not green .it is blue .the bowl is blue .
the sign is not brown .it is green .the sign is green .
hana did not choose soup .she chose bread .hana chose bread .
the kite is not blue .it is yellow .the kite is yellow .
the hat is not red .it is grey .the hat is grey .
the scarf is not yellow .it is green .the scarf is green .
the fence was not wet .it was dry .the fence was dry .
clara did not buy bread .she bought soup .clara bought soup .
the sign is not brown .it is white .the sign is white .
the coat is not grey .it is white .the coat is white .
the kite is not blue .it is black .the kite is black .
the cupboard was not wet .it was dry .the cupboard was dry .
the cup is not green .it is black .the cup is black .
the card is not green .it is brown .the card is brown .
the hat is not yellow .it is blue .the hat is blue .
the hat is not grey .it is white .the hat is white .
the mug is not green .it is white .the mug is white .
clara did not buy bread .she bought water .clara bought water .
the coat is not black .it is grey .the coat is grey .
the mug is not red .it is grey .the mug is grey .
the mug is not blue .it is black .the mug is black .
the scarf is not brown .it is red .the scarf is red .
the lid was not open .it was shut .the lid was shut .
the card is not yellow .it is black .the card is black .
the sign is not red .it is grey .the sign is grey .
the plate is not grey .it is blue .the plate is blue .
the hat is not white .it is grey .the hat is grey .
the coat is not grey .it is red .the coat is red .
the bench is not blue .it is white .the bench is white .
the coat was not grey .it was white .the coat was white .
the van is not grey .it is blue .the van is blue .
the card is not blue .it is green .the card is green .
the cup is not yellow .it is grey .the cup is grey .
the cup is not green .it is yellow .the cup is yellow .
the flag is not green .it is brown .the flag is brown .
the gate is not heavy .it is light .the gate is light .
the chair is not red .it is brown .the chair is brown .
the bowl is not black .it is green .the bowl is green .
the kite is not black .it is yellow .the kite is yellow .
that flag is not yellow .it is brown .
the fence was not new .it was old .the fence was old .
the mug is not yellow .it is red .the mug is red .
the window was not wet .it was dry .the window was dry .
the window was not near .it was far .the window was far .
ben did not buy rice .he bought salt .ben bought salt .
the coat was not green .it was blue .the coat was blue .
the hat is not red .it is black .the hat is black .
the bench is not red .it is brown .the bench is brown .
the coat is not red .it is yellow .the coat is yellow .
the kite is not brown .it is yellow .the kite is yellow .
that bench is not white .it is blue .
the sign is not yellow .it is white .the sign is white .
the card is not brown .it is yellow .the card is yellow .
the bowl is not yellow .it is white .the bowl is white .
the drawer is not dark .it is bright .the drawer is bright .
the gate is not open .it is shut .the gate is shut .
the chair is not blue .it is green .the chair is green .
the gate is not new .it is old .the gate is old .
the sign is not grey .it is black .the sign is black .
clara did not buy coffee .she bought water .clara bought water .
the van is not white .it is yellow .the van is yellow .
the scarf is not red .it is grey .the scarf is grey .
the plate is not yellow .it is red .the plate is red .
the lid was not narrow .it was wide .the lid was wide .
the plate is not grey .it is black .the plate is black .
the sign is not blue .it is black .the sign is black .
that coat is not black .it is green .
the van is not white .it is red .the van is red .
the gate was not loud .it was quiet .the gate was quiet .
the van is not yellow .it is grey .the van is grey .
the bench is not white .it is yellow .the bench is yellow .
clara did not buy salt .she bought rice .clara bought rice .
the bench is not yellow .it is red .the bench is red .
the card is not brown .it is grey .the card is grey .
the hat is not white .it is green .the hat is green .
that van is not red .it is black .
the chair was not green .it was black .the chair was black .
the cup is not brown .it is black .the cup is black .
the bowl is not blue .it is white .the bowl is white .
the plate is not green .it is blue .the plate is blue .
the drawer is not open .it is shut .the drawer is shut .
diego did not choose soup .he chose bread .diego chose bread .
the van is not brown .it is white .the van is white .
the van is not blue .it is black .the van is black .
the plate is not black .it is yellow .the plate is yellow .
the mug is not grey .it is black .the mug is black .
the hat is not blue .it is green .the hat is green .
hana did not choose rice .she chose water .hana chose water .
the card is not black .it is red .the card is red .
the cup was not red .it was grey .the cup was grey .
the coat was not black .it was green .the coat was green .
the chair is not green .it is white .the chair is white .
the hat is not green .it is white .the hat is white .
the bowl is not red .it is green .the bowl is green .
the lid was not heavy .it was light .the lid was light .
the bowl is not white .it is brown .the bowl is brown .
the cup is not green .it is grey .the cup is grey .
clara did not buy salt .she bought water .clara bought water .
the card is not blue .it is brown .the card is brown .
the van is not green .it is grey .the van is grey .
that flag is not grey .it is yellow .
the fence was not dark .it was bright .the fence was bright .
ben did not choose rice .he chose salt .ben chose salt .
the cupboard is not near .it is far .the cupboard is far .
the cupboard is not loud .it is quiet .the cupboard is quiet .
the bench is not red .it is yellow .the bench is yellow .
the van is not grey .it is black .the van is black .
the cup is not red .it is yellow .the cup is yellow .
the flag is not white .it is yellow .the flag is yellow .
the kite is not blue .it is brown .the kite is brown .
the mug is not green .it is black .the mug is black .
the sign is not green .it is blue .the sign is blue .
that van is not green .it is brown .
the flag is not green .it is red .the flag is red .
the mug is not white .it is red .the mug is red .
kira did not buy salt .she bought rice .kira bought rice .
mateo did not buy rice .he bought bread .mateo bought bread .
the scarf is not yellow .it is white .the scarf is white .
the flag is not white .it is green .the flag is green .
the coat is not white .it is black .the coat is black .
the flag was not green .it was white .the flag was white .
the mug is not green .it is brown .the mug is brown .
the flag is not grey .it is blue .the flag is blue .
the hat is not black .it is blue .the hat is blue .
the bowl is not blue .it is black .the bowl is black .
the scarf is not white .it is black .the scarf is black .
the drawer was not near .it was far .the drawer was far .
the van is not brown .it is yellow .the van is yellow .
the scarf is not grey .it is brown .the scarf is brown .
the hat was not white .it was green .the hat was green .
the card is not black .it is grey .the card is grey .
mateo did not choose coffee .he chose rice .mateo chose rice .
the flag is not grey .it is white .the flag is white .
diego did not choose rice .he chose coffee .diego chose coffee .
that bowl is not red .it is yellow .
the kite is not black .it is green .the kite is green .
the bench is not green .it is brown .the bench is brown .
the chair was not green .it was red .the chair was red .
the card is not grey .it is blue .the card is blue .
the cup is not grey .it is red .the cup is red .
the hat is not grey .it is blue .the hat is blue .
the bowl is not grey .it is yellow .the bowl is yellow .
the chair is not brown .it is grey .the chair is grey .
the mug is not black .it is blue .the mug is blue .
the gate was not dark .it was bright .the gate was bright .
the van was not brown .it was white .the van was white .
the coat was not green .it was white .the coat was white .
kira did not choose salt .she chose rice .kira chose rice .
the bench was not yellow .it was red .the bench was red .
mateo did not choose bread .he chose soup .mateo chose soup .
clara did not buy soup .she bought coffee .clara bought coffee .
the gate is not narrow .it is wide .the gate is wide .
the fence was not open .it was shut .the fence was shut .
the mug is not green .it is blue .the mug is blue .
the plate is not black .it is grey .the plate is grey .
the coat is not white .it is yellow .the coat is yellow .
the hat is not grey .it is red .the hat is red .
the kite is not white .it is brown .the kite is brown .
the bowl is not black .it is white .the bowl is white .
mateo did not choose soup .he chose coffee .mateo chose coffee .
the scarf is not blue .it is grey .the scarf is grey .
the flag is not white .it is red .the flag is red .
ben did not buy water .he bought rice .ben bought rice .
the bowl is not brown .it is white .the bowl is white .
the mug is not white .it is green .the mug is green .
the card is not green .it is white .the card is white .
the bench is not yellow .it is white .the bench is white .
the coat is not black .it is green .the coat is green .
clara did not choose salt .she chose water .clara chose water .
the flag is not brown .it is green .the flag is green .
the card is not white .it is grey .the card is grey .
the plate is not brown .it is black .the plate is black .
the bowl is not yellow .it is grey .the bowl is grey .
the card is not green .it is blue .the card is blue .
mateo did not buy coffee .he bought soup .mateo bought soup .
the coat is not blue .it is red .the coat is red .
the cupboard is not clean .it is dirty .the cupboard is dirty .
the flag is not blue .it is black .the flag is black .
the flag was not red .it was green .the flag was green .
the chair is not blue .it is grey .the chair is grey .
the mug is not grey .it is blue .the mug is blue .
iris did not choose rice .she chose coffee .iris chose coffee .
the bench is not grey .it is yellow .the bench is yellow .
the scarf is not green .it is grey .the scarf is grey .
the fence is not open .it is shut .the fence is shut .
the card is not grey .it is white .the card is white .
the sign is not grey .it is blue .the sign is blue .
diego did not buy salt .he bought soup .diego bought soup .
the lid was not dark .it was bright .the lid was bright .
the scarf is not grey .it is red .the scarf is red .
the sign is not brown .it is grey .the sign is grey .
the chair is not grey .it is green .the chair is green .
the chair is not brown .it is white .the chair is white .
the card is not white .it is brown .the card is brown .
the scarf is not white .it is green .the scarf is green .
the plate is not black .it is blue .the plate is blue .
the bowl is not yellow .it is black .the bowl is black .
the card is not green .it is yellow .the card is yellow .
the plate is not black .it is red .the plate is red .
jonas did not buy rice .he bought salt .jonas bought salt .
the mug is not grey .it is red .the mug is red .
the bench is not green .it is black .the bench is black .
the van is not brown .it is blue .the van is blue .
the scarf is not grey .it is yellow .the scarf is yellow .
the scarf is not yellow .it is grey .the scarf is grey .
the hat is not brown .it is grey .the hat is grey .
the van is not brown .it is red .the van is red .
the van is not red .it is green .the van is green .
the kite is not yellow .it is red .the kite is red .
the flag is not red .it is yellow .the flag is yellow .
the hat is not brown .it is black .the hat is black .
the bowl is not green .it is yellow .the bowl is yellow .
that coat is not green .it is white .
the bowl is not white .it is green .the bowl is green .
the bowl is not grey .it is red .the bowl is red .
the van is not white .it is black .the van is black .
the hat is not red .it is green .the hat is green .
the fence was not heavy .it was light .the fence was light .
the card is not red .it is green .the card is green .
the bench is not black .it is yellow .the bench is yellow .
the cupboard is not narrow .it is wide .the cupboard is wide .
the chair is not blue .it is white .the chair is white .
the coat is not brown .it is grey .the coat is grey .
the cup is not green .it is white .the cup is white .
the cup is not yellow .it is green .the cup is green .
the sign is not yellow .it is red .the sign is red .
diego did not buy bread .he bought coffee .diego bought coffee .
the sign is not red .it is black .the sign is black .
the mug is not brown .it is black .the mug is black .
the card is not yellow .it is grey .the card is grey .
the flag was not green .it was yellow .the flag was yellow .
kira did not choose coffee .she chose salt .kira chose salt .
diego did not choose bread .he chose coffee .diego chose coffee .
the window is not hot .it is cold .the window is cold .
the plate is not white .it is yellow .the plate is yellow .
the plate is not red .it is blue .the plate is blue .
the kite is not blue .it is green .the kite is green .
the van is not black .it is yellow .the van is yellow .
the scarf is not yellow .it is red .the scarf is red .
that cup is not blue .it is grey .
the van is not blue .it is brown .the van is brown .
the coat is not green .it is black .the coat is black .
the coat is not white .it is blue .the coat is blue .
the hat is not green .it is blue .the hat is blue .
the chair is not brown .it is red .the chair is red .
the coat is not red .it is blue .the coat is blue .
the sign is not black .it is blue .the sign is blue .
mateo did not buy soup .he bought coffee .mateo bought coffee .
the coat is not yellow .it is blue .the coat is blue .
the lid was not open .it was closed .the lid was closed .
the sign is not grey .it is red .the sign is red .
the flag is not white .it is brown .the flag is brown .
the window was not open .it was shut .the window was shut .
the hat was not grey .it was brown .the hat was brown .
the chair is not green .it is black .the chair is black .
the window is not clean .it is dirty .the window is dirty .
the bowl was not green .it was red .the bowl was red .
clara did not buy coffee .she bought soup .clara bought soup .
the card is not white .it is blue .the card is blue .
the plate is not red .it is white .the plate is white .
the drawer is not hot .it is cold .the drawer is cold .
the card is not brown .it is black .the card is black .
the card is not grey .it is brown .the card is brown .
the chair is not red .it is green .the chair is green .
the coat is not red .it is black .the coat is black .
the bowl is not red .it is black .the bowl is black .
the sign is not white .it is black .the sign is black .
the scarf is not yellow .it is blue .the scarf is blue .
jonas did not buy coffee .he bought rice .jonas bought rice .
the cupboard is not new .it is old .the cupboard is old .
diego did not buy rice .he bought bread .diego bought bread .
the scarf is not black .it is brown .the scarf is brown .
that chair is not yellow .it is white .
the fence was not clean .it was dirty .the fence was dirty .
the scarf is not grey .it is white .the scarf is white .
the window is not open .it is closed .the window is closed .
that bowl is not grey .it is brown .
the sign is not yellow .it is black .the sign is black .
the bench is not white .it is red .the bench is red .
the flag is not black .it is brown .the flag is brown .
the lid is not clean .it is dirty .the lid is dirty .
the bench was not white .it was black .the bench was black .
the flag is not red .it is blue .the flag is blue .
the coat was not yellow .it was brown .the coat was brown .
the plate is not green .it is red .the plate is red .
the scarf is not brown .it is blue .the scarf is blue .
the fence is not heavy .it is light .the fence is light .
the card is not grey .it is yellow .the card is yellow .
the plate is not red .it is green .the plate is green .
the mug is not white .it is black .the mug is black .
the flag is not yellow .it is brown .the flag is brown .
the cup is not black .it is blue .the cup is blue .
the chair is not black .it is white .the chair is white .
the flag is not black .it is blue .the flag is blue .
the coat is not red .it is grey .the coat is grey .
that coat is not grey .it is white .
the cupboard was not loud .it was quiet .the cupboard was quiet .
the mug is not yellow .it is black .the mug is black .
the cupboard is not open .it is shut .the cupboard is shut .
the flag is not white .it is blue .the flag is blue .
the coat is not blue .it is brown .the coat is brown .
the card is not brown .it is red .the card is red .
clara did not buy bread .she bought soup .clara bought soup .
the kite is not red .it is black .the kite is black .
the chair is not green .it is blue .the chair is blue .
the bench is not red .it is green .the bench is green .
the plate is not green .it is brown .the plate is brown .
iris did not choose rice .she chose bread .iris chose bread .
iris did not choose bread .she chose water .iris chose water .
the kite is not white .it is black .the kite is black .
the van is not red .it is yellow .the van is yellow .
the cupboard was not open .it was closed .the cupboard was closed .
the gate is not hot .it is cold .the gate is cold .
the plate is not green .it is white .the plate is white .
the flag is not yellow .it is green .the flag is green .
the scarf is not grey .it is blue .the scarf is blue .
the window was not narrow .it was wide .the window was wide .
the card is not black .it is brown .the card is brown .
the kite is not white .it is grey .the kite is grey .
the card is not brown .it is white .the card is white .
the mug is not blue .it is red .the mug is red .
the chair is not red .it is yellow .the chair is yellow .
the gate is not dark .it is bright .the gate is bright .
the scarf is not black .it is grey .the scarf is grey .
diego did not buy rice .he bought coffee .diego bought coffee .
the cup is not yellow .it is black .the cup is black .
the mug is not yellow .it is blue .the mug is blue .
the cupboard was not clean .it was dirty .the cupboard was dirty .
the sign is not yellow .it is green .the sign is green .
jonas did not choose salt .he chose soup .jonas chose soup .
the bench is not grey .it is blue .the bench is blue .
the flag is not grey .it is red .the flag is red .
the chair is not brown .it is green .the chair is green .
the coat is not red .it is green .the coat is green .
the scarf is not red .it is green .the scarf is green .
the hat is not yellow .it is red .the hat is red .
the coat is not grey .it is brown .the coat is brown .
the hat is not blue .it is white .the hat is white .
the flag is not green .it is black .the flag is black .
the fence was not narrow .it was wide .the fence was wide .
the chair is not grey .it is yellow .the chair is yellow .
the flag is not yellow .it is black .the flag is black .
the plate is not brown .it is yellow .the plate is yellow .
the bowl is not green .it is white .the bowl is white .
the chair is not grey .it is blue .the chair is blue .
the mug is not green .it is red .the mug is red .
the cup is not brown .it is white .the cup is white .
the bench is not yellow .it is brown .the bench is brown .
the lid was not full .it was empty .the lid was empty .
the window is not narrow .it is wide .the window is wide .
the bowl is not blue .it is grey .the bowl is grey .
the hat is not grey .it is green .the hat is green .
the bowl is not grey .it is white .the bowl is white .
that cup is not brown .it is yellow .
the van is not blue .it is yellow .the van is yellow .
the mug is not red .it is brown .the mug is brown .
the flag is not yellow .it is grey .the flag is grey .
the kite is not green .it is yellow .the kite is yellow .
the chair is not white .it is red .the chair is red .
the cup is not yellow .it is blue .the cup is blue .
the gate is not open .it is closed .the gate is closed .
the plate is not yellow .it is grey .the plate is grey .
the chair is not blue .it is black .the chair is black .
the gate was not heavy .it was light .the gate was light .
the cup was not brown .it was yellow .the cup was yellow .
the drawer was not wet .it was dry .the drawer was dry .
the mug is not blue .it is brown .the mug is brown .
the cup was not brown .it was red .the cup was red .
the sign is not white .it is green .the sign is green .
the van is not yellow .it is red .the van is red .
the card is not white .it is yellow .the card is yellow .
the bench is not white .it is green .the bench is green .
the gate was not new .it was old .the gate was old .
the hat is not white .it is red .the hat is red .
the card is not red .it is grey .the card is grey .
the scarf is not blue .it is green .the scarf is green .
the cup is not yellow .it is red .the cup is red .
the sign is not yellow .it is blue .the sign is blue .
the bench is not grey .it is brown .the bench is brown .
iris did not buy bread .she bought coffee .iris bought coffee .
the mug is not red .it is blue .the mug is blue .
iris did not choose water .she chose coffee .iris chose coffee .
the sign is not blue .it is white .the sign is white .
the sign is not white .it is red .the sign is red .
diego did not choose rice .he chose bread .diego chose bread .
the mug is not brown .it is yellow .the mug is yellow .
that flag is not green .it is white .
the flag is not red .it is black .the flag is black .
the kite is not brown .it is grey .the kite is grey .
the lid is not open .it is shut .the lid is shut .
the sign is not black .it is yellow .the sign is yellow .
the cup is not grey .it is blue .the cup is blue .
the coat is not yellow .it is black .the coat is black .
the scarf is not blue .it is red .the scarf is red .
the fence is not full .it is empty .the fence is empty .
iris did not buy rice .she bought coffee .iris bought coffee .
the cup is not red .it is brown .the cup is brown .
the coat is not white .it is grey .the coat is grey .
the flag is not black .it is green .the flag is green .
the fence was not near .it was far .the fence was far .
the mug is not grey .it is brown .the mug is brown .
the bench was not white .it was blue .the bench was blue .
hana did not buy soup .she bought rice .hana bought rice .
hana did not buy soup .she bought coffee .hana bought coffee .
the coat is not white .it is brown .the coat is brown .
the chair is not yellow .it is grey .the chair is grey .
the plate is not black .it is green .the plate is green .
diego did not choose salt .he chose soup .diego chose soup .
the bowl is not brown .it is yellow .the bowl is yellow .
the drawer was not heavy .it was light .the drawer was light .
the bowl is not black .it is blue .the bowl is blue .
the flag is not brown .it is yellow .the flag is yellow .
the scarf is not brown .it is green .the scarf is green .
kira did not buy rice .she bought soup .kira bought soup .
the plate is not red .it is black .the plate is black .
that cup is not white .it is yellow .
the bowl is not brown .it is grey .the bowl is grey .
that cup is not red .it is grey .
the flag is not green .it is white .the flag is white .
the kite is not grey .it is black .the kite is black .
that coat is not green .it is yellow .
hana did not choose soup .she chose water .hana chose water .
the kite is not red .it is blue .the kite is blue .
that flag is not green .it is yellow .
the coat is not yellow .it is red .the coat is red .
the mug is not red .it is yellow .the mug is yellow .
the flag is not red .it is white .the flag is white .
the bench is not brown .it is blue .the bench is blue .
the kite is not yellow .it is blue .the kite is blue .
the mug is not brown .it is white .the mug is white .
the lid is not loud .it is quiet .the lid is quiet .
the mug is not yellow .it is grey .the mug is grey .
the scarf is not blue .it is yellow .the scarf is yellow .
the window was not clean .it was dirty .the window was dirty .
the chair is not black .it is brown .the chair is brown .
the drawer was not full .it was empty .the drawer was empty .
the lid was not hot .it was cold .the lid was cold .
the flag is not blue .it is brown .the flag is brown .
the bowl is not white .it is blue .the bowl is blue .
diego did not buy bread .he bought salt .diego bought salt .
the kite is not brown .it is green .the kite is green .
the sign is not black .it is white .the sign is white .
the hat is not yellow .it is grey .the hat is grey .
the card is not yellow .it is blue .the card is blue .
the chair is not green .it is brown .the chair is brown .
the cup is not white .it is yellow .the cup is yellow .
the bowl is not blue .it is red .the bowl is red .
the cup was not black .it was blue .the cup was blue .
the van is not yellow .it is green .the van is green .
the sign is not green .it is grey .the sign is grey .
the sign is not blue .it is yellow .the sign is yellow .
the coat is not grey .it is blue .the coat is blue .
the card is not green .it is grey .the card is grey .
the bench is not grey .it is red .the bench is red .
the cup is not white .it is red .the cup is red .
the lid was not loud .it was quiet .the lid was quiet .
the van is not red .it is white .the van is white .
the chair is not green .it is yellow .the chair is yellow .
the plate is not grey .it is white .the plate is white .
jonas did not buy salt .he bought water .jonas bought water .
the chair is not red .it is blue .the chair is blue .
the mug is not blue .it is green .the mug is green .
the cup is not grey .it is black .the cup is black .
ben did not choose rice .he chose bread .ben chose bread .
the sign is not brown .it is black .the sign is black .
the van is not blue .it is red .the van is red .
the chair is not white .it is brown .the chair is brown .
that bench is not white .it is grey .
the cup is not blue .it is green .the cup is green .
the plate is not grey .it is brown .the plate is brown .
the coat is not grey .it is black .the coat is black .
the drawer was not narrow .it was wide .the drawer was wide .
the mug is not red .it is black .the mug is black .
the kite is not white .it is green .the kite is green .
clara did not choose coffee .she chose water .clara chose water .
the bowl is not green .it is grey .the bowl is grey .
the card is not black .it is white .the card is white .
the cupboard was not new .it was old .the cupboard was old .
the chair is not red .it is white .the chair is white .
the flag was not yellow .it was brown .the flag was brown .
the hat is not green .it is yellow .the hat is yellow .
the sign is not red .it is brown .the sign is brown .
the kite is not white .it is yellow .the kite is yellow .
the window is not wet .it is dry .the window is dry .
that cup is not black .it is blue .
the sign is not grey .it is white .the sign is white .
the plate is not red .it is yellow .the plate is yellow .
the hat is not black .it is grey .the hat is grey .
the flag is not brown .it is black .the flag is black .
the bowl is not green .it is red .the bowl is red .
the bowl was not black .it was red .the bowl was red .
the plate is not white .it is grey .the plate is grey .
the cupboard was not open .it was shut .the cupboard was shut .
the scarf is not black .it is white .the scarf is white .
the scarf is not green .it is blue .the scarf is blue .
the bowl is not grey .it is black .the bowl is black .
the bowl is not yellow .it is blue .the bowl is blue .
the scarf is not brown .it is yellow .the scarf is yellow .
the hat is not blue .it is black .the hat is black .
mateo did not choose bread .he chose water .mateo chose water .
the sign is not white .it is yellow .the sign is yellow .
the cup is not grey .it is brown .the cup is brown .
that chair is not blue .it is green .
the cup was not white .it was yellow .the cup was yellow .
jonas did not buy salt .he bought soup .jonas bought soup .
the plate is not yellow .it is black .the plate is black .
the scarf is not black .it is red .the scarf is red .
the bench is not blue .it is grey .the bench is grey .
the mug is not green .it is yellow .the mug is yellow .
the card is not red .it is white .the card is white .
the cup is not white .it is green .the cup is green .
kira did not buy coffee .she bought salt .kira bought salt .
the bench is not green .it is blue .the bench is blue .
the cup is not blue .it is white .the cup is white .
the kite is not blue .it is white .the kite is white .
the kite is not grey .it is green .the kite is green .
the bench is not white .it is blue .the bench is blue .
the hat is not black .it is green .the hat is green .
the van is not black .it is blue .the van is blue .
diego did not choose bread .he chose salt .diego chose salt .
the scarf is not white .it is blue .the scarf is blue .
ben did not choose bread .he chose coffee .ben chose coffee .
that hat is not white .it is brown .
the flag is not yellow .it is red .the flag is red .
the cupboard was not full .it was empty .the cupboard was empty .
ben did not buy rice .he bought water .ben bought water .
the chair is not blue .it is brown .the chair is brown .
the kite is not white .it is blue .the kite is blue .
the scarf is not blue .it is black .the scarf is black .
the van is not white .it is brown .the van is brown .
ben did not buy water .he bought coffee .ben bought coffee .
the van is not grey .it is brown .the van is brown .
the bench is not blue .it is brown .the bench is brown .
the flag is not blue .it is red .the flag is red .
the plate is not white .it is brown .the plate is brown .
the chair is not green .it is grey .the chair is grey .
the kite is not grey .it is yellow .the kite is yellow .
the lid was not wet .it was dry .the lid was dry .
the window is not new .it is old .the window is old .
the cup is not black .it is green .the cup is green .
clara did not choose salt .she chose rice .clara chose rice .
the cup is not brown .it is yellow .the cup is yellow .
the lid is not narrow .it is wide .the lid is wide .
the bench is not brown .it is green .the bench is green .
the plate is not red .it is grey .the plate is grey .
the hat is not yellow .it is green .the hat is green .
the bowl is not red .it is yellow .the bowl is yellow .
the fence is not clean .it is dirty .the fence is dirty .
the gate was not open .it was closed .the gate was closed .
the bowl is not grey .it is brown .the bowl is brown .
the flag is not brown .it is white .the flag is white .
the cup is not white .it is grey .the cup is grey .
the plate is not grey .it is red .the plate is red .
the bowl is not black .it is grey .the bowl is grey .
the card is not blue .it is red .the card is red .
the coat is not green .it is brown .the coat is brown .
the sign is not red .it is white .the sign is white .
the window was not heavy .it was light .the window was light .
the mug is not white .it is yellow .the mug is yellow .
the hat is not red .it is brown .the hat is brown .
the card is not yellow .it is brown .the card is brown .
the van is not green .it is blue .the van is blue .
the cup is not white .it is blue .the cup is blue .
the sign is not red .it is yellow .the sign is yellow .
the fence is not dark .it is bright .the fence is bright .
the coat is not yellow .it is grey .the coat is grey .
the drawer was not new .it was old .the drawer was old .
the scarf is not red .it is white .the scarf is white .
ben did not choose water .he chose coffee .ben chose coffee .
iris did not buy soup .she bought salt .iris bought salt .
the cupboard is not hot .it is cold .the cupboard is cold .
the window is not dark .it is bright .the window is bright .
the kite is not red .it is yellow .the kite is yellow .
the flag is not black .it is grey .the flag is grey .
the kite is not brown .it is black .the kite is black .
the van is not grey .it is green .the van is green .
the cup is not yellow .it is white .the cup is white .
the plate is not blue .it is white .the plate is white .
the flag is not blue .it is yellow .the flag is yellow .
that hat is not grey .it is brown .
the sign is not blue .it is green .the sign is green .
the coat is not green .it is white .the coat is white .
the van is not blue .it is green .the van is green .
the drawer is not loud .it is quiet .the drawer is quiet .
the coat is not brown .it is red .the coat is red .
the chair was not black .it was red .the chair was red .
the plate is not blue .it is yellow .the plate is yellow .
the drawer was not loud .it was quiet .the drawer was quiet .
the coat is not brown .it is blue .the coat is blue .
the van was not grey .it was brown .the van was brown .
the chair is not grey .it is black .the chair is black .
the plate is not yellow .it is green .the plate is green .
the drawer is not open .it is closed .the drawer is closed .
the sign is not brown .it is yellow .the sign is yellow .
the fence is not hot .it is cold .the fence is cold .
the hat is not grey .it is brown .the hat is brown .
the cup is not brown .it is grey .the cup is grey .
the kite is not yellow .it is brown .the kite is brown .
the cupboard was not dark .it was bright .the cupboard was bright .
mateo did not choose salt .he chose rice .mateo chose rice .
diego did not choose soup .he chose water .diego chose water .
the lid is not near .it is far .the lid is far .
the van is not brown .it is grey .the van is grey .
the flag is not black .it is white .the flag is white .
the kite is not blue .it is red .the kite is red .
the cupboard is not heavy .it is light .the cupboard is light .
the card is not yellow .it is white .the card is white .
the chair is not white .it is grey .the chair is grey .
the cupboard was not near .it was far .the cupboard was far .
the window was not full .it was empty .the window was empty .
that hat is not green .it is blue .
the cup is not black .it is yellow .the cup is yellow .
the chair is not white .it is black .the chair is black .
the chair is not brown .it is blue .the chair is blue .
the drawer is not full .it is empty .the drawer is empty .
the cup is not red .it is blue .the cup is blue .
the mug is not black .it is white .the mug is white .
the plate is not brown .it is green .the plate is green .
the kite is not red .it is brown .the kite is brown .
the plate is not brown .it is blue .the plate is blue .
hana did not buy soup .she bought bread .hana bought bread .
mateo did not buy bread .he bought soup .mateo bought soup .
the drawer is not narrow .it is wide .the drawer is wide .
the bench is not grey .it is black .the bench is black .
the hat is not brown .it is blue .the hat is blue .
the coat is not green .it is red .the coat is red .
the bowl is not red .it is brown .the bowl is brown .
the mug is not black .it is brown .the mug is brown .
the flag is not green .it is grey .the flag is grey .
the scarf is not white .it is yellow .the scarf is yellow .
the bench is not yellow .it is green .the bench is green .
the bench is not black .it is white .the bench is white .
that coat is not yellow .it is brown .
the gate was not narrow .it was wide .the gate was wide .
the cupboard is not wet .it is dry .the cupboard is dry .
the cupboard was not hot .it was cold .the cupboard was cold .
the hat is not grey .it is yellow .the hat is yellow .
the bench is not brown .it is grey .the bench is grey .
the lid was not near .it was far .the lid was far .
the cup is not blue .it is black .the cup is black .
the window was not dark .it was bright .the window was bright .
the van is not red .it is grey .the van is grey .
the bowl is not blue .it is green .the bowl is green .
the cup is not green .it is blue .the cup is blue .
the card is not red .it is blue .the card is blue .
iris did not buy rice .she bought bread .iris bought bread .
the coat is not brown .it is green .the coat is green .
the mug is not red .it is white .the mug is white .
hana did not buy rice .she bought salt .hana bought salt .
the cup is not black .it is grey .the cup is grey .
iris did not buy water .she bought coffee .iris bought coffee .
that cup is not brown .it is red .
the hat was not green .it was blue .the hat was blue .
the bench is not black .it is blue .the bench is blue .
the hat was not white .it was brown .the hat was brown .
the chair is not blue .it is yellow .the chair is yellow .
the coat is not black .it is yellow .the coat is yellow .
the kite is not green .it is grey .the kite is grey .
the hat is not brown .it is green .the hat is green .
the coat is not grey .it is yellow .the coat is yellow .
the chair is not grey .it is white .the chair is white .
ben did not buy bread .he bought coffee .ben bought coffee .
the chair is not black .it is grey .the chair is grey .
the chair was not yellow .it was white .the chair was white .
the kite is not black .it is red .the kite is red .
the drawer was not open .it was closed .the drawer was closed .
