the banner is above the counter .
the brush sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the brush .
the picture is above the cabinet .
the spoon is north of the stool .
the tin is right of the brush .the brush is to the left of the tin .
the ledge is over the ring .the ring is under the ledge .
the jar is right of the coin .
the hook is above the bench .the bench is below the hook .
the key sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the key .
the coin sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the coin .
the tray is left of the spoon .the spoon is to the right of the tray .
the mat sits below the poster .the poster hangs above the mat .
the drawer is left of the coin .the coin is to the right of the drawer .
the brush is north of the counter .
the pen is beside the bench .the bench is beside the pen .
the tin contains the spoon .the spoon is inside the tin .
the cabinet is below the picture .
the stamp sits on the counter .the counter holds the stamp .
the pen is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the pen .
the ledge is below the mirror .the mirror is above the ledge .
the mat is below the picture .the picture is above the mat .
the brush is left of the case .the case is to the right of the brush .
the stool sits below the clock .the clock hangs above the stool .
the card is north of the bench .
the picture is above the cabinet .the cabinet is below the picture .
the coin is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the coin .
the coin is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the coin .
the coin is north of the counter .
the stamp is beside the stool .the stool is beside the stamp .
the basket is left of the coin .the coin is to the right of the basket .
the letter is under the table .the table is over the letter .
the card is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the card .
the drawer is right of the brush .
the card is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the card .
the spoon is inside the tray .
the coin is left of the basket .
the ring is left of the case .the case is to the right of the ring .
the ring is north of the ledge .
the stool is below the banner .
the jar is right of the card .the card is to the left of the jar .
the letter is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the letter .
the ring is inside the basket .
the spoon sits on the counter .the counter holds the spoon .
the ledge is north of the brush .the brush is south of the ledge .
the spoon sits on the stool .the stool holds the spoon .
the stool is south of the stamp .
the card is under the table .
the counter is below the map .the map is above the counter .
the card is under the table .the table is over the card .
the folder is right of the stamp .the stamp is to the left of the folder .
the jar is left of the card .the card is to the right of the jar .
the mat is north of the letter .the letter is south of the mat .
the table is below the clock .
the cabinet is below the mirror .the mirror is above the cabinet .
the card is north of the table .
the brush is north of the ledge .
the stool is below the clock .
the poster hangs above the stool .the stool sits below the poster .
the brush is left of the jar .
the pen is north of the stool .the stool is south of the pen .
the pen is left of the case .
the counter sits below the map .the map hangs above the counter .
the brush is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the brush .
the pocket is right of the pen .the pen is to the left of the pocket .
the folder contains the pen .the pen is inside the folder .
the letter is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the letter .
the jar is left of the spoon .the spoon is to the right of the jar .
the ring is left of the folder .
the pocket is left of the key .the key is to the right of the pocket .
the stool is north of the stamp .the stamp is south of the stool .
the drawer contains the letter .the letter is inside the drawer .
the picture is above the table .
the folder is right of the card .
the coin is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the coin .
the stool is over the coin .the coin is under the stool .
the spoon is left of the case .the case is to the right of the spoon .
the pen is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the pen .
the table is south of the ring .
the stamp is beside the table .the table is beside the stamp .
the ledge is over the spoon .the spoon is under the ledge .
the coin is beside the stool .the stool is beside the coin .
the letter is under the counter .
the card is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the card .
the jar contains the coin .the coin is inside the jar .
the tray is right of the brush .the brush is to the left of the tray .
the mirror is above the bench .the bench is below the mirror .
the coin is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the coin .
the clock is in front of the brush .the brush is behind the clock .
the pen is north of the bench .the bench is south of the pen .
the key is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the key .
the mirror is above the ledge .the ledge is below the mirror .
the ring sits on the mat .the mat holds the ring .
the key is left of the tin .
the stool is north of the key .the key is south of the stool .
the brush is north of the stool .
the stool is over the key .the key is under the stool .
the jar is right of the spoon .
the key sits on the counter .the counter holds the key .
the letter is inside the tin .
the stool sits below the hook .the hook hangs above the stool .
the ring is under the counter .
the brush is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the brush .
the banner is above the mat .the mat is below the banner .
the clock is in front of the ring .the ring is behind the clock .
the picture is above the counter .
the jar is left of the letter .the letter is to the right of the jar .
the spoon is north of the counter .the counter is south of the spoon .
the ledge is below the hook .the hook is above the ledge .
the pen sits on the stool .the stool holds the pen .
the cabinet is below the picture .the picture is above the cabinet .
the brush is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the brush .
the brush is north of the table .
the mirror hangs above the counter .the counter sits below the mirror .
the brush is north of the counter .the counter is south of the brush .
the card is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the card .
the tin is right of the brush .
the coin is beside the counter .the counter is beside the coin .
the ledge is over the key .the key is under the ledge .
the key is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the key .
the banner hangs above the counter .the counter sits below the banner .
the basket is left of the letter .the letter is to the right of the basket .
the stamp is under the ledge .
the tray is right of the card .
the spoon is north of the cabinet .
the key is in front of the map .the map is behind the key .
the mat is below the poster .
the pen sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the pen .
the counter sits below the clock .the clock hangs above the counter .
the tin is left of the ring .the ring is to the right of the tin .
the spoon is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the spoon .
the letter is north of the table .the table is south of the letter .
the spoon is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the spoon .
the brush is north of the stool .the stool is south of the brush .
the map hangs above the stool .the stool sits below the map .
the ring is north of the stool .
the spoon is inside the tin .
the jar is right of the ring .
the bench sits below the hook .the hook hangs above the bench .
the tray contains the spoon .the spoon is inside the tray .
the ledge is over the letter .the letter is under the ledge .
the stamp is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the stamp .
the card is right of the case .the case is to the left of the card .
the counter is over the key .the key is under the counter .
the bench is over the pen .the pen is under the bench .
the card is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the card .
the drawer is left of the brush .the brush is to the right of the drawer .
the bench is below the picture .
the tin is right of the stamp .
the hook is in front of the ring .the ring is behind the hook .
the letter sits on the counter .the counter holds the letter .
the brush is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the brush .
the letter is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the letter .
the stamp is north of the mat .the mat is south of the stamp .
the folder is left of the spoon .the spoon is to the right of the folder .
the pen is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the pen .
the pen is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the pen .
the jar contains the key .the key is inside the jar .
the ring is beside the bench .the bench is beside the ring .
the brush is left of the case .
the pocket contains the coin .the coin is inside the pocket .
the key is left of the folder .
the map is in front of the ring .the ring is behind the map .
the tray contains the card .the card is inside the tray .
the poster is above the bench .
the key is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the key .
the case is right of the coin .the coin is to the left of the case .
the spoon is inside the tray .the tray contains the spoon .
the picture hangs above the counter .the counter sits below the picture .
the key is inside the folder .
the letter is north of the mat .the mat is south of the letter .
the key is inside the tray .the tray contains the key .
the spoon sits on the bench .the bench holds the spoon .
the basket is right of the ring .the ring is to the left of the basket .
the brush is beside the mat .the mat is beside the brush .
the case is right of the ring .
the key is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the key .
the mat sits below the picture .the picture hangs above the mat .
the picture is above the stool .the stool is below the picture .
the cabinet sits below the map .the map hangs above the cabinet .
the pocket is left of the pen .the pen is to the right of the pocket .
the ring is under the mat .
the key is north of the ledge .
the counter is over the brush .the brush is under the counter .
the card is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the card .
the basket contains the letter .the letter is inside the basket .
the folder contains the stamp .the stamp is inside the folder .
the cabinet is north of the card .the card is south of the cabinet .
the clock is above the mat .the mat is below the clock .
the bench sits below the map .the map hangs above the bench .
the letter sits on the bench .the bench holds the letter .
the coin is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the coin .
the basket is left of the stamp .the stamp is to the right of the basket .
the letter is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the letter .
the letter is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the letter .
the stamp is beside the mat .the mat is beside the stamp .
the folder contains the coin .the coin is inside the folder .
the brush is inside the tray .
the case is left of the coin .the coin is to the right of the case .
the table sits below the map .the map hangs above the table .
the table is below the mirror .the mirror is above the table .
the coin is north of the table .the table is south of the coin .
the table is north of the ring .the ring is south of the table .
the letter is inside the tin .the tin contains the letter .
the clock hangs above the mat .the mat sits below the clock .
the stamp is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the stamp .
the stool is south of the coin .
the jar is left of the brush .the brush is to the right of the jar .
the hook hangs above the table .the table sits below the hook .
the banner is above the stool .the stool is below the banner .
the counter is south of the pen .
the case is right of the letter .
the spoon is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the spoon .
the ring is north of the mat .the mat is south of the ring .
the picture hangs above the stool .the stool sits below the picture .
the brush is under the bench .the bench is over the brush .
the pocket contains the pen .the pen is inside the pocket .
the coin is inside the tray .the tray contains the coin .
the table is below the poster .
the drawer contains the key .the key is inside the drawer .
the ledge is north of the spoon .the spoon is south of the ledge .
the stamp is inside the jar .the jar contains the stamp .
the pocket contains the spoon .the spoon is inside the pocket .
the spoon is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the spoon .
the key is beside the counter .the counter is beside the key .
the pocket contains the stamp .the stamp is inside the pocket .
the pen is under the stool .
the stamp is inside the tin .the tin contains the stamp .
the card is inside the tin .the tin contains the card .
the key is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the key .
the bench is below the map .
the key is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the key .
the pen is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the pen .
the spoon is under the cabinet .
the mat is below the banner .
the pen is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the pen .
the spoon is left of the folder .
the tray contains the coin .the coin is inside the tray .
the brush is left of the basket .
the case is left of the letter .the letter is to the right of the case .
the spoon is inside the tin .the tin contains the spoon .
the pen is inside the folder .
the bench is over the coin .the coin is under the bench .
the spoon is north of the bench .
the basket is right of the spoon .
the spoon is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the spoon .
the ledge is north of the pen .the pen is south of the ledge .
the counter is below the banner .
the table is over the stamp .the stamp is under the table .
the letter is inside the jar .the jar contains the letter .
the ring is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the ring .
the letter is north of the bench .
the letter is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the letter .
the ring is beside the mat .the mat is beside the ring .
the coin is north of the bench .the bench is south of the coin .
the brush sits on the counter .the counter holds the brush .
the mirror is above the counter .
the coin is left of the pocket .
the key is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the key .
the map is in front of the coin .the coin is behind the map .
the pen is inside the drawer .
the mat sits below the map .the map hangs above the mat .
the card is north of the cabinet .
the stamp is left of the case .the case is to the right of the stamp .
the card is left of the case .the case is to the right of the card .
the bench is below the picture .the picture is above the bench .
the stool is below the clock .the clock is above the stool .
the mat is south of the key .
the folder contains the card .the card is inside the folder .
the mat is north of the stamp .the stamp is south of the mat .
the drawer is right of the stamp .the stamp is to the left of the drawer .
the brush is under the cabinet .
the stamp is north of the cabinet .
the card sits on the table .the table holds the card .
the coin is in front of the map .the map is behind the coin .
the case contains the spoon .the spoon is inside the case .
the pocket is left of the card .the card is to the right of the pocket .
the bench is north of the stamp .the stamp is south of the bench .
the ring is inside the jar .the jar contains the ring .
the picture is in front of the brush .the brush is behind the picture .
the coin is right of the case .the case is to the left of the coin .
the coin is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the coin .
the basket is right of the brush .the brush is to the left of the basket .
the hook is in front of the stamp .the stamp is behind the hook .
the key is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the key .
the mirror hangs above the bench .the bench sits below the mirror .
the pen is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the pen .
the hook hangs above the cabinet .the cabinet sits below the hook .
the folder contains the letter .the letter is inside the folder .
the coin is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the coin .
the clock hangs above the ledge .the ledge sits below the clock .
the coin is under the mat .the mat is over the coin .
the key is north of the counter .the counter is south of the key .
the ledge is below the map .
the letter is north of the stool .the stool is south of the letter .
the table is below the banner .the banner is above the table .
the map is in front of the pen .the pen is behind the map .
the basket is left of the key .the key is to the right of the basket .
the ledge is north of the stamp .the stamp is south of the ledge .
the coin is beside the bench .the bench is beside the coin .
the mat is south of the brush .
the bench is south of the key .
the mat is north of the spoon .the spoon is south of the mat .
the mat is north of the brush .the brush is south of the mat .
the ledge is below the banner .the banner is above the ledge .
the card is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the card .
the bench is north of the key .the key is south of the bench .
the poster hangs above the cabinet .the cabinet sits below the poster .
the card sits on the mat .the mat holds the card .
the drawer is left of the ring .the ring is to the right of the drawer .
the stamp is beside the bench .the bench is beside the stamp .
the tin contains the card .the card is inside the tin .
the card is inside the tray .the tray contains the card .
the tin is left of the stamp .the stamp is to the right of the tin .
the bench is below the clock .
the pen is under the bench .
the letter is inside the pocket .
the map is in front of the brush .the brush is behind the map .
the spoon is inside the pocket .
the coin is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the coin .
the pocket is right of the card .
the mat is over the brush .the brush is under the mat .
the key is inside the tin .
the pen is left of the tin .
the banner is in front of the card .the card is behind the banner .
the map is above the ledge .
the letter is beside the mat .the mat is beside the letter .
the coin is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the coin .
the counter is below the clock .
the stamp is inside the jar .
the ring is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the ring .
the spoon is left of the drawer .
the case is right of the pen .
the jar contains the card .the card is inside the jar .
the mirror hangs above the mat .the mat sits below the mirror .
the drawer is right of the letter .the letter is to the left of the drawer .
the ring is inside the tin .the tin contains the ring .
the card is north of the stool .
the letter is right of the case .the case is to the left of the letter .
the pen is inside the tray .
the table is below the poster .the poster is above the table .
the stool is over the pen .the pen is under the stool .
the pen is left of the drawer .
the pen is inside the case .the case contains the pen .
the hook is above the stool .
the mirror is in front of the brush .the brush is behind the mirror .
the stamp is north of the bench .
the key is inside the basket .
the card sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the card .
the card is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the card .
the key is under the counter .the counter is over the key .
the coin is north of the counter .the counter is south of the coin .
the spoon is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the spoon .
the stool is south of the pen .
the spoon is under the mat .the mat is over the spoon .
the stool is below the picture .the picture is above the stool .
the table is below the mirror .
the card is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the card .
the letter is under the mat .
the stamp is under the counter .the counter is over the stamp .
the coin is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the coin .
the poster is above the table .
the stool is below the map .
the brush is beside the stool .the stool is beside the brush .
the ring is north of the mat .
the drawer contains the brush .the brush is inside the drawer .
the stool is north of the card .the card is south of the stool .
the banner is above the stool .
the jar is right of the key .
the pocket is right of the card .the card is to the left of the pocket .
the ring is under the stool .the stool is over the ring .
the pen sits on the mat .the mat holds the pen .
the pen is north of the table .the table is south of the pen .
the coin is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the coin .
the tray contains the stamp .the stamp is inside the tray .
the basket is right of the card .
the tray is right of the ring .the ring is to the left of the tray .
the brush is north of the table .the table is south of the brush .
the tray is right of the stamp .the stamp is to the left of the tray .
the case is right of the card .the card is to the left of the case .
the tin is right of the card .the card is to the left of the tin .
the stamp is left of the basket .
the brush is under the mat .the mat is over the brush .
the brush is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the brush .
the coin is under the stool .
the stamp is left of the folder .
the key is left of the basket .
the stool is south of the ring .
the stool is south of the key .
the counter is below the mirror .the mirror is above the counter .
the counter is over the coin .the coin is under the counter .
the pocket is left of the letter .the letter is to the right of the pocket .
the pen is left of the case .the case is to the right of the pen .
the mirror is in front of the key .the key is behind the mirror .
the stamp is left of the jar .
the drawer is right of the card .the card is to the left of the drawer .
the coin is inside the pocket .
the stamp is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the stamp .
the map is in front of the key .the key is behind the map .
the jar contains the ring .the ring is inside the jar .
the poster hangs above the ledge .the ledge sits below the poster .
the stool sits below the picture .the picture hangs above the stool .
the bench sits below the mirror .the mirror hangs above the bench .
the map is above the counter .
the cabinet is south of the brush .
the cabinet is over the coin .the coin is under the cabinet .
the mat is north of the pen .the pen is south of the mat .
the cabinet is over the letter .the letter is under the cabinet .
the letter is inside the basket .the basket contains the letter .
the counter is south of the key .
the table is south of the card .
the drawer is right of the stamp .
the spoon is under the bench .the bench is over the spoon .
the clock hangs above the stool .the stool sits below the clock .
the mirror is above the mat .
the mirror is above the bench .
the cabinet is over the stamp .the stamp is under the cabinet .
the stool is below the hook .the hook is above the stool .
the folder is right of the spoon .
the pen is under the table .
the stamp is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the stamp .
the card is beside the bench .the bench is beside the card .
the brush is beside the counter .the counter is beside the brush .
the stamp is north of the bench .the bench is south of the stamp .
the stamp sits on the stool .the stool holds the stamp .
the coin is left of the jar .
the card is left of the tray .
the stool is north of the pen .the pen is south of the stool .
the ledge is south of the card .
the key is left of the pocket .
the tray contains the brush .the brush is inside the tray .
the ring is left of the pocket .
the cabinet is north of the key .the key is south of the cabinet .
the cabinet is north of the ring .the ring is south of the cabinet .
the ring is north of the stool .the stool is south of the ring .
the key is inside the jar .the jar contains the key .
the picture is in front of the letter .the letter is behind the picture .
the ledge is over the card .the card is under the ledge .
the tray contains the letter .the letter is inside the tray .
the letter is under the stool .the stool is over the letter .
the folder contains the ring .the ring is inside the folder .
the letter is north of the mat .
the table is below the picture .
the pen is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the pen .
the spoon is left of the basket .
the card is north of the bench .the bench is south of the card .
the key is under the stool .the stool is over the key .
the letter is inside the folder .
the stool is north of the brush .the brush is south of the stool .
the tray is right of the brush .
the key is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the key .
the stamp is under the cabinet .
the ring is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the ring .
the map is in front of the spoon .the spoon is behind the map .
the key is under the table .
the mat is over the letter .the letter is under the mat .
the cabinet is below the banner .the banner is above the cabinet .
the stamp is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the stamp .
the pen is north of the cabinet .
the picture hangs above the cabinet .the cabinet sits below the picture .
the key is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the key .
the bench is north of the pen .the pen is south of the bench .
the tin is right of the stamp .the stamp is to the left of the tin .
the counter is below the picture .
the picture is in front of the card .the card is behind the picture .
the mat is over the card .the card is under the mat .
the ledge is below the poster .
the mirror hangs above the ledge .the ledge sits below the mirror .
the poster is above the stool .
the ring is north of the cabinet .
the cabinet is north of the spoon .the spoon is south of the cabinet .
the map is above the cabinet .the cabinet is below the map .
the letter is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the letter .
the letter is beside the counter .the counter is beside the letter .
the picture hangs above the mat .the mat sits below the picture .
the pen sits on the bench .the bench holds the pen .
the brush is left of the folder .
the table is south of the brush .
the letter is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the letter .
the card is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the card .
the stool is over the card .the card is under the stool .
the stool is north of the ring .the ring is south of the stool .
the basket is right of the key .
the ring is inside the case .the case contains the ring .
the counter sits below the banner .the banner hangs above the counter .
the ring sits on the stool .the stool holds the ring .
the spoon is inside the case .
the hook is above the ledge .the ledge is below the hook .
the folder is right of the ring .the ring is to the left of the folder .
the counter is below the map .
the coin is inside the case .the case contains the coin .
the ledge is over the brush .the brush is under the ledge .
the banner hangs above the mat .the mat sits below the banner .
the ring is inside the folder .the folder contains the ring .
the stamp is left of the pocket .
the key is under the ledge .the ledge is over the key .
the coin is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the coin .
the letter is under the counter .the counter is over the letter .
the pen is inside the tin .the tin contains the pen .
the poster is in front of the stamp .the stamp is behind the poster .
the coin is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the coin .
the coin is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the coin .
the pen is under the ledge .
the letter sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the letter .
the cabinet is south of the stamp .
the clock is in front of the stamp .the stamp is behind the clock .
the picture hangs above the bench .the bench sits below the picture .
the drawer contains the coin .the coin is inside the drawer .
the tray is left of the brush .the brush is to the right of the tray .
the letter is beside the stool .the stool is beside the letter .
the key is inside the tin .the tin contains the key .
the jar is right of the letter .the letter is to the left of the jar .
the table is north of the coin .the coin is south of the table .
the clock hangs above the counter .the counter sits below the clock .
the card is inside the case .the case contains the card .
the pocket is left of the stamp .the stamp is to the right of the pocket .
the pen is left of the tray .
the map is above the mat .
the stamp is inside the folder .the folder contains the stamp .
the letter is north of the table .
the spoon is north of the bench .the bench is south of the spoon .
the hook is above the stool .the stool is below the hook .
the card is left of the tin .
the cabinet is north of the brush .the brush is south of the cabinet .
the stool is south of the brush .
the stamp is under the bench .
the ledge is south of the ring .
the mirror is above the cabinet .the cabinet is below the mirror .
the card is under the bench .the bench is over the card .
the pen is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the pen .
the mat is over the key .the key is under the mat .
the key is inside the basket .the basket contains the key .
the folder is right of the coin .
the pen is inside the basket .the basket contains the pen .
the mat is over the stamp .the stamp is under the mat .
the stamp is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the stamp .
the cabinet sits below the hook .the hook hangs above the cabinet .
the card sits on the stool .the stool holds the card .
the drawer is left of the spoon .the spoon is to the right of the drawer .
the spoon is left of the case .
the map is above the stool .
the spoon is inside the drawer .
the letter is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the letter .
the key is left of the drawer .
the key is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the key .
the cabinet sits below the picture .the picture hangs above the cabinet .
the coin is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the coin .
the card is under the counter .
the case is left of the spoon .the spoon is to the right of the case .
the brush is under the ledge .
the bench is south of the ring .
the banner is above the cabinet .the cabinet is below the banner .
the card is inside the basket .the basket contains the card .
the bench sits below the banner .the banner hangs above the bench .
the pen is inside the jar .the jar contains the pen .
the stool is over the letter .the letter is under the stool .
the tin is right of the coin .
the case is left of the card .the card is to the right of the case .
the folder is left of the brush .the brush is to the right of the folder .
the spoon is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the spoon .
the cabinet is below the map .the map is above the cabinet .
the spoon is beside the bench .the bench is beside the spoon .
the table is below the map .
the brush is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the brush .
the brush is inside the tray .the tray contains the brush .
the map is above the ledge .the ledge is below the map .
the counter is over the stamp .the stamp is under the counter .
the stamp is under the mat .the mat is over the stamp .
the hook is above the mat .the mat is below the hook .
the poster is in front of the spoon .the spoon is behind the poster .
the map hangs above the bench .the bench sits below the map .
the tray is right of the key .
the brush is inside the case .
the mirror is above the ledge .
the clock is above the ledge .the ledge is below the clock .
the pen sits on the table .the table holds the pen .
the folder is right of the pen .
the ledge is below the picture .the picture is above the ledge .
the key is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the key .
the clock is above the table .the table is below the clock .
the bench is below the banner .the banner is above the bench .
the mat sits below the mirror .the mirror hangs above the mat .
the coin is left of the drawer .
the coin is left of the tray .
the spoon is under the table .the table is over the spoon .
the ring is under the bench .the bench is over the ring .
the pocket contains the key .the key is inside the pocket .
the bench is north of the coin .the coin is south of the bench .
the poster is above the mat .
the spoon is under the counter .
the tin contains the coin .the coin is inside the tin .
the key is under the bench .the bench is over the key .
the pen is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the pen .
the hook is in front of the brush .the brush is behind the hook .
the table is south of the pen .
the mat is south of the spoon .
the jar is right of the stamp .
the spoon is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the spoon .
the letter is north of the cabinet .
the folder is left of the coin .the coin is to the right of the folder .
the spoon is north of the mat .the mat is south of the spoon .
the ring is in front of the map .the map is behind the ring .
the stamp is north of the table .
the tray is right of the ring .
the coin is left of the case .the case is to the right of the coin .
the stool is below the hook .
the pocket is right of the ring .the ring is to the left of the pocket .
the ring is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the ring .
the stool is below the picture .
the spoon is inside the folder .
the card is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the card .
the letter is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the letter .
the bench is north of the letter .the letter is south of the bench .
the brush is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the brush .
the card is inside the drawer .
the brush is north of the bench .the bench is south of the brush .
the tray is left of the ring .the ring is to the right of the tray .
the ring is left of the case .
the counter is below the clock .the clock is above the counter .
the pen is beside the mat .the mat is beside the pen .
the stamp is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the stamp .
the clock is above the bench .the bench is below the clock .
the mat is over the pen .the pen is under the mat .
the stamp is under the ledge .the ledge is over the stamp .
the stamp is inside the tray .the tray contains the stamp .
the jar is left of the key .the key is to the right of the jar .
the coin is inside the folder .the folder contains the coin .
the coin is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the coin .
the stamp is inside the tin .
the drawer is left of the key .the key is to the right of the drawer .
the jar is left of the coin .the coin is to the right of the jar .
the ledge is below the poster .the poster is above the ledge .
the letter is beside the table .the table is beside the letter .
the drawer is right of the pen .
the basket contains the key .the key is inside the basket .
the poster is in front of the coin .the coin is behind the poster .
the letter is left of the basket .
the tray is right of the card .the card is to the left of the tray .
the key sits on the table .the table holds the key .
the card is north of the stool .the stool is south of the card .
the coin is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the coin .
the tray is right of the coin .the coin is to the left of the tray .
the case contains the pen .the pen is inside the case .
the letter is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the letter .
the stamp is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the stamp .
the coin is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the coin .
the cabinet sits below the banner .the banner hangs above the cabinet .
the pen is inside the jar .
the stool is over the ring .the ring is under the stool .
the bench is over the letter .the letter is under the bench .
the ring is north of the counter .
the stamp is inside the pocket .
the bench is over the key .the key is under the bench .
the spoon is under the mat .
the pen is inside the pocket .
the tin contains the brush .the brush is inside the tin .
the tin is right of the pen .
the key is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the key .
the stool is north of the letter .the letter is south of the stool .
the ring is inside the folder .
the pen is right of the case .the case is to the left of the pen .
the coin is north of the cabinet .
the stool is below the poster .the poster is above the stool .
the brush is inside the drawer .
the table is over the ring .the ring is under the table .
the counter is south of the brush .
the ring is north of the bench .
the stamp is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the stamp .
the ledge sits below the picture .the picture hangs above the ledge .
the ring is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the ring .
the bench is below the banner .
the stamp is north of the mat .
the drawer is right of the letter .
the key is left of the jar .
the letter is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the letter .
the card is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the card .
the stamp is left of the tray .
the card is under the mat .the mat is over the card .
the table is south of the spoon .
the stamp is north of the stool .
the jar is right of the key .the key is to the left of the jar .
the ledge sits below the map .the map hangs above the ledge .
the stamp is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the stamp .
the cabinet is south of the spoon .
the coin is left of the case .
the pen is beside the stool .the stool is beside the pen .
the case contains the letter .the letter is inside the case .
the pen is under the stool .the stool is over the pen .
the key is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the key .
the picture is above the bench .
the cabinet is below the clock .the clock is above the cabinet .
the key is north of the cabinet .
the spoon sits on the table .the table holds the spoon .
the ledge sits below the banner .the banner hangs above the ledge .
the stamp is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the stamp .
the tin is right of the letter .
the letter is inside the case .
the mat is below the map .
the ring is under the table .the table is over the ring .
the banner is in front of the key .the key is behind the banner .
the ring is under the bench .
the key is north of the counter .
the banner is in front of the letter .the letter is behind the banner .
the mirror is in front of the stamp .the stamp is behind the mirror .
the counter is south of the stamp .
the pocket contains the card .the card is inside the pocket .
the table is south of the key .
the stamp is beside the counter .the counter is beside the stamp .
the key is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the key .
the ledge is south of the letter .
the picture hangs above the table .the table sits below the picture .
the case contains the ring .the ring is inside the case .
the coin sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the coin .
the stool is south of the letter .
the stool sits below the map .the map hangs above the stool .
the table is over the spoon .the spoon is under the table .
the ledge is below the map .the map is above the ledge .
the brush is under the counter .
the basket is left of the ring .the ring is to the right of the basket .
the ring is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the ring .
the clock is in front of the coin .the coin is behind the clock .
the ledge sits below the clock .the clock hangs above the ledge .
the folder contains the key .the key is inside the folder .
the banner is in front of the ring .the ring is behind the banner .
the map is above the table .
the basket contains the stamp .the stamp is inside the basket .
the card is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the card .
the table is south of the letter .
the clock is above the bench .
the bench is below the mirror .
the poster hangs above the counter .the counter sits below the poster .
the card is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the card .
the pen is left of the basket .
the drawer contains the pen .the pen is inside the drawer .
the ring is under the cabinet .
the brush is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the brush .
the pen is under the counter .
the pen is under the bench .the bench is over the pen .
the drawer is right of the key .the key is to the left of the drawer .
the stool is below the banner .the banner is above the stool .
the counter sits below the hook .the hook hangs above the counter .
the mat is below the map .the map is above the mat .
the hook hangs above the bench .the bench sits below the hook .
the brush is under the table .the table is over the brush .
the ledge is below the mirror .
the letter is left of the drawer .
the card is under the ledge .the ledge is over the card .
the drawer is right of the ring .the ring is to the left of the drawer .
the spoon is under the ledge .the ledge is over the spoon .
the coin sits on the mat .the mat holds the coin .
the picture is in front of the stamp .the stamp is behind the picture .
the key is beside the bench .the bench is beside the key .
the stamp is inside the basket .
the counter is over the card .the card is under the counter .
the ring is beside the counter .the counter is beside the ring .
the basket is right of the stamp .the stamp is to the left of the basket .
the spoon is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the spoon .
the spoon is under the table .
the mirror is above the mat .the mat is below the mirror .
the letter sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the letter .
the picture is above the ledge .the ledge is below the picture .
the bench is south of the letter .
the mat is over the ring .the ring is under the mat .
the table is below the map .the map is above the table .
the basket is right of the coin .the coin is to the left of the basket .
the card is north of the table .the table is south of the card .
the ring is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the ring .
the mat is south of the letter .
the ring is left of the tray .
the brush is right of the case .the case is to the left of the brush .
the ring is left of the drawer .
the stamp is north of the counter .
the pen is north of the ledge .
the brush is inside the basket .the basket contains the brush .
the key is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the key .
the card is inside the tray .
the basket contains the pen .the pen is inside the basket .
the counter is south of the card .
the coin is north of the mat .the mat is south of the coin .
the coin sits on the bench .the bench holds the coin .
the coin is under the bench .
the coin is inside the basket .
the counter is north of the ring .the ring is south of the counter .
the cabinet sits below the poster .the poster hangs above the cabinet .
the stamp is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the stamp .
the mat is north of the key .the key is south of the mat .
the brush is left of the drawer .
the mat is south of the coin .
the brush is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the brush .
the brush is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the brush .
the brush sits on the bench .the bench holds the brush .
the ring is inside the tin .
the coin is inside the folder .
the stamp sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the stamp .
the clock is above the stool .the stool is below the clock .
the brush is inside the folder .
the ring is inside the tray .the tray contains the ring .
the jar contains the pen .the pen is inside the jar .
the coin is under the counter .the counter is over the coin .
the spoon is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the spoon .
the banner is in front of the stamp .the stamp is behind the banner .
the bench is north of the ring .the ring is south of the bench .
the brush is beside the table .the table is beside the brush .
the ring is under the ledge .the ledge is over the ring .
the stamp is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the stamp .
the spoon is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the spoon .
the key is left of the case .the case is to the right of the key .
the pen is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the pen .
the key sits on the stool .the stool holds the key .
the drawer is left of the stamp .the stamp is to the right of the drawer .
the stool sits below the poster .the poster hangs above the stool .
the counter is over the letter .the letter is under the counter .
the ring is north of the bench .the bench is south of the ring .
the folder is right of the key .the key is to the left of the folder .
the ring is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the ring .
the key is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the key .
the mirror is above the stool .the stool is below the mirror .
the table sits below the banner .the banner hangs above the table .
the map hangs above the counter .the counter sits below the map .
the key is north of the stool .
the letter is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the letter .
the tin is right of the card .
the key is inside the jar .
the spoon is in front of the map .the map is behind the spoon .
the ring is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the ring .
the bench is north of the card .the card is south of the bench .
the mat is below the picture .
the map is in front of the letter .the letter is behind the map .
the table is south of the coin .
the letter is north of the stool .
the table is below the picture .the picture is above the table .
the jar is right of the ring .the ring is to the left of the jar .
the mirror is in front of the pen .the pen is behind the mirror .
the card is under the bench .
the spoon is beside the table .the table is beside the spoon .
the brush is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the brush .
the bench is over the stamp .the stamp is under the bench .
the key is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the key .
the ledge sits below the mirror .the mirror hangs above the ledge .
the picture is in front of the spoon .the spoon is behind the picture .
the ring is right of the case .the case is to the left of the ring .
the counter is south of the letter .
the stool is below the poster .
the letter is under the ledge .the ledge is over the letter .
the letter is beside the bench .the bench is beside the letter .
the banner is above the ledge .
the ring is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the ring .
the clock is in front of the letter .the letter is behind the clock .
the drawer is right of the key .
the pocket is right of the coin .the coin is to the left of the pocket .
the letter is inside the drawer .
the brush sits on the stool .the stool holds the brush .
the ledge sits below the poster .the poster hangs above the ledge .
the letter is left of the jar .
the case is left of the stamp .the stamp is to the right of the case .
the letter is left of the folder .
the folder contains the spoon .the spoon is inside the folder .
the cabinet is over the spoon .the spoon is under the cabinet .
the map is above the bench .the bench is below the map .
the map hangs above the table .the table sits below the map .
the brush sits on the mat .the mat holds the brush .
the mirror is in front of the letter .the letter is behind the mirror .
the stamp is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the stamp .
the jar is left of the pen .the pen is to the right of the jar .
the card is under the stool .the stool is over the card .
the map hangs above the mat .the mat sits below the map .
the key is under the table .the table is over the key .
the poster is above the stool .the stool is below the poster .
the folder is left of the stamp .the stamp is to the right of the folder .
the mat is below the mirror .
the tin contains the ring .the ring is inside the tin .
the table is below the clock .the clock is above the table .
the ring is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the ring .
the spoon is under the bench .
the hook is above the cabinet .the cabinet is below the hook .
the pen is inside the tin .
the key is inside the drawer .
the banner hangs above the stool .the stool sits below the banner .
the pen is beside the counter .the counter is beside the pen .
the hook is in front of the card .the card is behind the hook .
the pocket is right of the stamp .
the stamp sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the stamp .
the card is inside the basket .
the clock is above the ledge .
the brush is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the brush .
the ring is under the mat .the mat is over the ring .
the card is left of the basket .
the jar is left of the ring .the ring is to the right of the jar .
the brush is under the stool .the stool is over the brush .
the pen is left of the folder .
the table sits below the hook .the hook hangs above the table .
the counter is below the mirror .
the ledge is below the hook .
the banner is above the cabinet .
the bench is below the hook .the hook is above the bench .
the case is right of the stamp .the stamp is to the left of the case .
the brush is under the table .
the banner hangs above the table .the table sits below the banner .
the coin is beside the table .the table is beside the coin .
the pen is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the pen .
the letter is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the letter .
the map is above the cabinet .
the hook is above the counter .
the card is under the mat .
the brush is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the brush .
the bench is below the poster .the poster is above the bench .
the coin is inside the tin .the tin contains the coin .
the banner is above the ledge .the ledge is below the banner .
the spoon is north of the table .the table is south of the spoon .
the spoon is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the spoon .
the card is in front of the map .the map is behind the card .
the poster is in front of the ring .the ring is behind the poster .
the counter is north of the pen .the pen is south of the counter .
the key is north of the bench .
the jar contains the brush .the brush is inside the jar .
the coin is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the coin .
the stamp is north of the stool .the stool is south of the stamp .
the pen is under the table .the table is over the pen .
the drawer is right of the coin .
the card sits on the counter .the counter holds the card .
the banner is above the table .
the counter is below the picture .the picture is above the counter .
the tray is right of the coin .
the brush is north of the mat .the mat is south of the brush .
the letter is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the letter .
the key is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the key .
the brush is north of the cabinet .
the coin is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the coin .
the pen is left of the pocket .
the key is north of the table .
the letter is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the letter .
the spoon is under the counter .the counter is over the spoon .
the stamp is under the table .
the stamp is inside the case .
the stool sits below the mirror .the mirror hangs above the stool .
the card is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the card .
the mat is below the hook .the hook is above the mat .
the tin is right of the spoon .
the pen is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the pen .
the banner is in front of the coin .the coin is behind the banner .
the drawer contains the stamp .the stamp is inside the drawer .
the drawer contains the card .the card is inside the drawer .
the pen is in front of the map .the map is behind the pen .
the stamp is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the stamp .
the key is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the key .
the clock hangs above the cabinet .the cabinet sits below the clock .
the stamp is right of the case .the case is to the left of the stamp .
the stamp is left of the drawer .
the pen is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the pen .
the tray is right of the letter .the letter is to the left of the tray .
the basket contains the card .the card is inside the basket .
the basket is right of the coin .
the table sits below the picture .the picture hangs above the table .
the jar contains the letter .the letter is inside the jar .
the ledge is south of the brush .
the pen is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the pen .
the letter is inside the tray .the tray contains the letter .
the pen is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the pen .
the pen is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the pen .
the case is right of the spoon .the spoon is to the left of the case .
the tin contains the letter .the letter is inside the tin .
the card is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the card .
the ring is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the ring .
the tray is left of the pen .the pen is to the right of the tray .
the spoon is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the spoon .
the pocket is left of the spoon .the spoon is to the right of the pocket .
the pen is north of the mat .
the stamp is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the stamp .
the ring is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the ring .
the table is north of the key .the key is south of the table .
the card is north of the ledge .
the drawer is right of the coin .the coin is to the left of the drawer .
the cabinet is over the ring .the ring is under the cabinet .
the clock is in front of the pen .the pen is behind the clock .
the tray is left of the stamp .the stamp is to the right of the tray .
the letter is under the bench .the bench is over the letter .
the folder is right of the spoon .the spoon is to the left of the folder .
the banner hangs above the ledge .the ledge sits below the banner .
the mat is over the spoon .the spoon is under the mat .
the picture is in front of the ring .the ring is behind the picture .
the key is beside the table .the table is beside the key .
the clock is in front of the spoon .the spoon is behind the clock .
the hook is in front of the letter .the letter is behind the hook .
the coin is beside the mat .the mat is beside the coin .
the clock hangs above the table .the table sits below the clock .
the coin is inside the jar .
the letter is inside the case .the case contains the letter .
the ring sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the ring .
the card is inside the folder .
the pocket is right of the brush .the brush is to the left of the pocket .
the pocket is right of the key .the key is to the left of the pocket .
the brush is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the brush .
the folder is right of the ring .
the card is beside the mat .the mat is beside the card .
the pocket contains the letter .the letter is inside the pocket .
the card is beside the table .the table is beside the card .
the cabinet is north of the coin .the coin is south of the cabinet .
the folder is left of the key .the key is to the right of the folder .
the coin is under the table .the table is over the coin .
the tin is right of the ring .the ring is to the left of the tin .
the ledge is south of the spoon .
the counter is north of the stamp .the stamp is south of the counter .
the key is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the key .
the ledge is south of the stamp .
the jar is right of the brush .the brush is to the left of the jar .
the coin is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the coin .
the clock hangs above the bench .the bench sits below the clock .
the card is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the card .
the brush is left of the tray .
the table sits below the mirror .the mirror hangs above the table .
the coin is left of the folder .
the ring is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the ring .
the ring is under the ledge .
the bench is north of the brush .the brush is south of the bench .
the bench sits below the clock .the clock hangs above the bench .
the table is below the hook .
the table sits below the clock .the clock hangs above the table .
the tin is right of the coin .the coin is to the left of the tin .
the letter is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the letter .
the key is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the key .
the stamp is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the stamp .
the table is south of the stamp .
the counter is below the hook .
the key is inside the case .the case contains the key .
the mirror is above the table .
the stamp is inside the folder .
the basket is left of the spoon .the spoon is to the right of the basket .
the tray is right of the pen .
the coin is under the mat .
the brush is inside the folder .the folder contains the brush .
the ring is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the ring .
the stamp sits on the mat .the mat holds the stamp .
the ledge is north of the ring .the ring is south of the ledge .
the hook is above the table .the table is below the hook .
the letter is left of the tin .
the key is under the cabinet .
the bench is south of the card .
the mirror is above the counter .the counter is below the mirror .
the banner is in front of the pen .the pen is behind the banner .
the tin is right of the pen .the pen is to the left of the tin .
the pen is under the mat .the mat is over the pen .
the key is inside the case .
the ring is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the ring .
the jar is right of the spoon .the spoon is to the left of the jar .
the cabinet is below the map .
the coin is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the coin .
the letter is under the mat .the mat is over the letter .
the coin is under the ledge .the ledge is over the coin .
the basket contains the brush .the brush is inside the basket .
the cabinet is below the clock .
the ledge is south of the pen .
the stool is over the brush .the brush is under the stool .
the key sits on the bench .the bench holds the key .
the picture is in front of the coin .the coin is behind the picture .
the case is right of the ring .the ring is to the left of the case .
the poster is above the counter .the counter is below the poster .
the clock is in front of the card .the card is behind the clock .
the jar contains the stamp .the stamp is inside the jar .
the stamp is left of the case .
the pocket is right of the letter .
the key is under the ledge .
the bench sits below the poster .the poster hangs above the bench .
the key is under the counter .
the key is under the stool .
the counter is below the poster .the poster is above the counter .
the brush is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the brush .
the picture is above the mat .the mat is below the picture .
the table is over the coin .the coin is under the table .
the brush is under the stool .
the cabinet is south of the key .
the ledge is south of the key .
the card is inside the pocket .
the spoon is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the spoon .
the drawer is right of the brush .the brush is to the left of the drawer .
the folder is left of the letter .the letter is to the right of the folder .
the brush is inside the jar .the jar contains the brush .
the stamp is left of the tin .
the bench is below the clock .the clock is above the bench .
the cabinet is south of the ring .
the ring is north of the table .
the stool is north of the coin .the coin is south of the stool .
the drawer is right of the pen .the pen is to the left of the drawer .
the spoon is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the spoon .
the bench is south of the coin .
the map is above the table .the table is below the map .
the folder is left of the card .the card is to the right of the folder .
the folder is right of the key .
the coin sits on the counter .the counter holds the coin .
the hook hangs above the ledge .the ledge sits below the hook .
the pen is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the pen .
the mirror is above the table .the table is below the mirror .
the ledge is north of the coin .the coin is south of the ledge .
the spoon is under the ledge .
the basket is right of the spoon .the spoon is to the left of the basket .
the mat is below the banner .the banner is above the mat .
the stamp sits on the bench .the bench holds the stamp .
the brush sits on the table .the table holds the brush .
the card is inside the case .
the mat sits below the hook .the hook hangs above the mat .
the table is below the hook .the hook is above the table .
the spoon is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the spoon .
the tin is right of the key .the key is to the left of the tin .
the card is inside the folder .the folder contains the card .
the banner hangs above the cabinet .the cabinet sits below the banner .
the brush is under the counter .the counter is over the brush .
the mirror is in front of the card .the card is behind the mirror .
the spoon is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the spoon .
the basket is right of the brush .
the basket is right of the card .the card is to the left of the basket .
the spoon is north of the stool .the stool is south of the spoon .
the coin is north of the stool .the stool is south of the coin .
the brush sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the brush .
the hook is in front of the spoon .the spoon is behind the hook .
the stamp is north of the counter .the counter is south of the stamp .
the letter is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the letter .
the hook is above the ledge .
the mat sits below the clock .the clock hangs above the mat .
the card is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the card .
the mat is below the hook .
the pocket is right of the brush .
the map is in front of the card .the card is behind the map .
the spoon is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the spoon .
the case is right of the key .
the map hangs above the cabinet .the cabinet sits below the map .
the cabinet is below the hook .the hook is above the cabinet .
the ledge is over the coin .the coin is under the ledge .
the pocket is right of the stamp .the stamp is to the left of the pocket .
the folder is right of the stamp .
the drawer is right of the card .
the clock is above the counter .
the card is left of the pocket .
the drawer is left of the pen .the pen is to the right of the drawer .
the mat is over the coin .the coin is under the mat .
the tin is left of the key .the key is to the right of the tin .
the hook hangs above the counter .the counter sits below the hook .
the key is beside the stool .the stool is beside the key .
the stamp is under the stool .the stool is over the stamp .
the picture is in front of the pen .the pen is behind the picture .
the pen is north of the table .
the spoon is north of the counter .
the cabinet is south of the letter .
the coin is north of the bench .
the drawer is right of the ring .
the tin is right of the letter .the letter is to the left of the tin .
the pen is north of the mat .the mat is south of the pen .
the ring is under the counter .the counter is over the ring .
the case is left of the key .the key is to the right of the case .
the bench is south of the pen .
the mirror is above the stool .
the jar is right of the pen .
the pocket is left of the brush .the brush is to the right of the pocket .
the pen sits on the counter .the counter holds the pen .
the card is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the card .
the spoon is inside the folder .the folder contains the spoon .
the tray is right of the key .the key is to the left of the tray .
the spoon is beside the mat .the mat is beside the spoon .
the picture is above the counter .the counter is below the picture .
the card is inside the jar .the jar contains the card .
the map is in front of the stamp .the stamp is behind the map .
the clock is above the table .
the cabinet is below the mirror .
the tray is right of the spoon .
the case contains the coin .the coin is inside the case .
the key is north of the bench .the bench is south of the key .
the ring is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the ring .
the ring is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the ring .
the mat is south of the stamp .
the stool is over the spoon .the spoon is under the stool .
the pocket contains the ring .the ring is inside the pocket .
the hook is above the mat .
the tin is left of the coin .the coin is to the right of the tin .
the ring is left of the tin .
the tray is right of the letter .
the banner hangs above the bench .the bench sits below the banner .
the letter is inside the folder .the folder contains the letter .
the poster is above the table .the table is below the poster .
the counter is north of the coin .the coin is south of the counter .
the stamp is north of the table .the table is south of the stamp .
the ring is inside the case .
the pen is under the mat .
the stool is below the map .the map is above the stool .
the key is beside the mat .the mat is beside the key .
the poster is in front of the pen .the pen is behind the poster .
the tray is left of the letter .the letter is to the right of the tray .
the tin is right of the key .
the key is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the key .
the hook is above the cabinet .
the stamp is inside the case .the case contains the stamp .
the coin is inside the basket .the basket contains the coin .
the brush is beside the bench .the bench is beside the brush .
the mat is below the clock .
the ring is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the ring .
the jar is right of the card .
the key is left of the tray .
the clock is above the counter .the counter is below the clock .
the case is right of the card .
the coin is under the cabinet .
the stamp sits on the table .the table holds the stamp .
the key is right of the case .the case is to the left of the key .
the stool sits below the banner .the banner hangs above the stool .
the banner is in front of the brush .the brush is behind the banner .
the pen is under the cabinet .
the coin is north of the table .
the ring is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the ring .
the table is over the card .the card is under the table .
the map is above the counter .the counter is below the map .
the key is inside the pocket .
the ring sits on the counter .the counter holds the ring .
the ledge is below the clock .
the tin is left of the brush .the brush is to the right of the tin .
the table is north of the card .the card is south of the table .
the table is north of the stamp .the stamp is south of the table .
the basket contains the coin .the coin is inside the basket .
the banner is above the bench .the bench is below the banner .
the cabinet is below the hook .
the hook is above the table .
the jar is right of the pen .the pen is to the left of the jar .
the tray contains the pen .the pen is inside the tray .
the key is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the key .
the spoon is north of the ledge .
the stamp is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the stamp .
the picture is above the ledge .
the card sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the card .
the mirror is in front of the spoon .the spoon is behind the mirror .
the brush is inside the case .the case contains the brush .
the hook hangs above the stool .the stool sits below the hook .
the hook is in front of the coin .the coin is behind the hook .
the pen is inside the folder .the folder contains the pen .
the spoon is north of the mat .
the tin is left of the pen .the pen is to the right of the tin .
the picture hangs above the ledge .the ledge sits below the picture .
the bench is south of the spoon .
the counter is north of the letter .the letter is south of the counter .
the jar is left of the stamp .the stamp is to the right of the jar .
the stamp is inside the tray .
the folder is right of the pen .the pen is to the left of the folder .
the coin is left of the tin .
the tin is right of the spoon .the spoon is to the left of the tin .
the hook is in front of the pen .the pen is behind the hook .
the coin is north of the ledge .
the brush is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the brush .
the mirror hangs above the table .the table sits below the mirror .
the ring sits on the bench .the bench holds the ring .
the card sits on the bench .the bench holds the card .
the basket is right of the key .the key is to the left of the basket .
the tray is left of the key .the key is to the right of the tray .
the poster is in front of the key .the key is behind the poster .
the ledge is south of the coin .
the spoon is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the spoon .
the folder is right of the brush .
the letter is inside the tray .
the letter is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the letter .
the bench is below the map .the map is above the bench .
the brush is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the brush .
the brush is under the bench .
the pen is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the pen .
the table is over the pen .the pen is under the table .
the clock is above the mat .
the card is inside the jar .
the banner is in front of the spoon .the spoon is behind the banner .
the brush is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the brush .
the coin sits on the table .the table holds the coin .
the bench is north of the spoon .the spoon is south of the bench .
the tray is right of the stamp .
the pocket is left of the ring .the ring is to the right of the pocket .
the spoon is right of the case .the case is to the left of the spoon .
the table is over the brush .the brush is under the table .
the folder is right of the coin .the coin is to the left of the folder .
the folder is left of the ring .the ring is to the right of the folder .
the stamp is under the bench .the bench is over the stamp .
the letter is under the ledge .
the letter is in front of the map .the map is behind the letter .
the stamp is north of the ledge .
the pocket is right of the spoon .the spoon is to the left of the pocket .
the card is left of the drawer .
the ring is inside the drawer .
the pen is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the pen .
the cabinet is over the key .the key is under the cabinet .
the tray contains the key .the key is inside the tray .
the letter is under the cabinet .
the jar is right of the letter .
the coin sits on the stool .the stool holds the coin .
the case is right of the brush .the brush is to the left of the case .
the stamp is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the stamp .
the stool is south of the card .
the cabinet is north of the stamp .the stamp is south of the cabinet .
the folder is right of the brush .the brush is to the left of the folder .
the mat is below the poster .the poster is above the mat .
the stamp is inside the drawer .
the key is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the key .
the ring is under the stool .
the ledge is over the stamp .the stamp is under the ledge .
the letter sits on the table .the table holds the letter .
the table is north of the brush .the brush is south of the table .
the spoon is under the stool .
the pen is right of the jar .the jar is to the left of the pen .
the picture is above the mat .
the drawer is right of the spoon .the spoon is to the left of the drawer .
the cabinet is north of the pen .the pen is south of the cabinet .
the brush is left of the pocket .
the banner is above the counter .the counter is below the banner .
the letter is inside the basket .
the stamp is inside the basket .the basket contains the stamp .
the poster is above the cabinet .the cabinet is below the poster .
the spoon is north of the table .
the spoon is beside the counter .the counter is beside the spoon .
the case is right of the stamp .
the key is north of the mat .
the card is north of the mat .the mat is south of the card .
the mat is north of the ring .the ring is south of the mat .
the brush is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the brush .
the letter is north of the counter .the counter is south of the letter .
the brush is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the brush .
the pen is under the counter .the counter is over the pen .
the basket is left of the brush .the brush is to the right of the basket .
the pen is beside the table .the table is beside the pen .
the clock is in front of the key .the key is behind the clock .
the counter is north of the spoon .the spoon is south of the counter .
the brush is north of the bench .
the spoon is left of the tray .
the tin contains the pen .the pen is inside the tin .
the letter is left of the pocket .
the counter sits below the picture .the picture hangs above the counter .
the banner is above the bench .
the letter is inside the jar .
the card is north of the counter .the counter is south of the card .
the stamp is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the stamp .
the coin is under the ledge .
the key is inside the tray .
the card is north of the counter .
the cabinet is over the card .the card is under the cabinet .
the basket contains the ring .the ring is inside the basket .
the mat is south of the card .
the ring is beside the table .the table is beside the ring .
the stamp is under the counter .
the stamp is left of the pocket .the pocket is to the right of the stamp .
the counter sits below the poster .the poster hangs above the counter .
the mirror hangs above the cabinet .the cabinet sits below the mirror .
the tin is right of the ring .
the tray is left of the card .the card is to the right of the tray .
the tin is left of the letter .the letter is to the right of the tin .
the brush is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the brush .
the brush is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the brush .
the stamp is in front of the map .the map is behind the stamp .
the counter is north of the key .the key is south of the counter .
the counter is north of the brush .the brush is south of the counter .
the mirror is in front of the ring .the ring is behind the mirror .
the clock is above the stool .
the cabinet is south of the card .
the brush is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the brush .
the counter is below the hook .the hook is above the counter .
the letter sits on the mat .the mat holds the letter .
the letter is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the letter .
the spoon is left of the jar .
the card is left of the jar .
the card is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the card .
the spoon sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the spoon .
the counter is south of the spoon .
the card is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the card .
the spoon is left of the basket .the basket is to the right of the spoon .
the pen sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the pen .
the brush is inside the tin .
the brush is inside the basket .
the case contains the stamp .the stamp is inside the case .
the key is inside the folder .the folder contains the key .
the key is north of the mat .the mat is south of the key .
the cabinet sits below the mirror .the mirror hangs above the cabinet .
the basket is right of the pen .the pen is to the left of the basket .
the picture is above the table .the table is below the picture .
the picture is above the bench .the bench is below the picture .
the ring is beside the stool .the stool is beside the ring .
the jar contains the spoon .the spoon is inside the jar .
the table is below the banner .
the key is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the key .
the basket is right of the letter .the letter is to the left of the basket .
the ledge is over the pen .the pen is under the ledge .
the bench is over the card .the card is under the bench .
the card is beside the counter .the counter is beside the card .
the pen is north of the counter .the counter is south of the pen .
the brush is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the brush .
the brush is in front of the banner .the banner is behind the brush .
the pocket is right of the key .
the key is under the mat .
the poster is in front of the brush .the brush is behind the poster .
the stamp is right of the tray .the tray is to the left of the stamp .
the table is north of the pen .the pen is south of the table .
the counter sits below the mirror .the mirror hangs above the counter .
the stool is south of the spoon .
the poster is above the cabinet .
the coin is under the stool .the stool is over the coin .
the case is left of the ring .the ring is to the right of the case .
the pen is north of the bench .
the bench is over the spoon .the spoon is under the bench .
the banner is above the mat .
the basket is right of the letter .
the case is right of the letter .the letter is to the left of the case .
the ring sits on the table .the table holds the ring .
the ring is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the ring .
the ring is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the ring .
the mirror is in front of the coin .the coin is behind the mirror .
the stool is below the mirror .the mirror is above the stool .
the cabinet is below the banner .
the folder contains the brush .the brush is inside the folder .
the cabinet is below the poster .the poster is above the cabinet .
the letter is under the stool .
the table is north of the letter .the letter is south of the table .
the tin contains the stamp .the stamp is inside the tin .
the letter is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the letter .
the case is right of the pen .the pen is to the left of the case .
the brush is north of the mat .
the card is north of the mat .
the pocket is right of the ring .
the drawer is left of the letter .the letter is to the right of the drawer .
the ring is left of the jar .
the bench is below the poster .
the ledge is below the picture .
the coin is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the coin .
the stamp is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the stamp .
the mirror hangs above the stool .the stool sits below the mirror .
the jar is right of the stamp .the stamp is to the left of the jar .
the pocket is left of the coin .the coin is to the right of the pocket .
the spoon is under the stool .the stool is over the spoon .
the coin is under the bench .the bench is over the coin .
the poster is in front of the letter .the letter is behind the poster .
the pen is inside the tray .the tray contains the pen .
the pen is left of the jar .
the letter is left of the tray .
the pocket is right of the coin .
the tin is left of the spoon .the spoon is to the right of the tin .
the cabinet is over the brush .the brush is under the cabinet .
the spoon is inside the case .the case contains the spoon .
the ledge is north of the card .the card is south of the ledge .
the table is over the letter .the letter is under the table .
the banner is above the table .the table is below the banner .
the stool is north of the spoon .the spoon is south of the stool .
the folder is right of the card .the card is to the left of the folder .
the poster is above the counter .
the brush is inside the jar .
the ring is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the ring .
the ring is north of the table .the table is south of the ring .
the letter is left of the case .the case is to the right of the letter .
the ledge is below the banner .
the basket is right of the stamp .
the coin is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the coin .
the card is left of the case .
the counter is south of the ring .
the letter is right of the tin .the tin is to the left of the letter .
the letter is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the letter .
the spoon is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the spoon .
the pocket contains the brush .the brush is inside the pocket .
the ring is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the ring .
the stamp is in front of the picture .the picture is behind the stamp .
the table is north of the spoon .the spoon is south of the table .
the bench is south of the stamp .
the table is over the key .the key is under the table .
the letter is in front of the mirror .the mirror is behind the letter .
the spoon is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the spoon .
the picture is above the stool .
the case contains the card .the card is inside the case .
the pen is in front of the poster .the poster is behind the pen .
the coin is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the coin .
the coin is north of the mat .
the cabinet is south of the pen .
the hook is above the bench .
the cabinet sits below the clock .the clock hangs above the cabinet .
the key sits on the cabinet .the cabinet holds the key .
the bench is below the hook .
the poster is above the ledge .
the basket is right of the ring .
the poster hangs above the mat .the mat sits below the poster .
the ledge sits below the hook .the hook hangs above the ledge .
the poster is in front of the card .the card is behind the poster .
the cabinet is north of the letter .the letter is south of the cabinet .
the case is left of the pen .the pen is to the right of the case .
the coin is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the coin .
the ledge is north of the key .the key is south of the ledge .
the map is above the stool .the stool is below the map .
the brush is left of the tin .
the coin is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the coin .
the card is beside the stool .the stool is beside the card .
the key sits on the mat .the mat holds the key .
the brush is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the brush .
the ring is left of the basket .
the key is under the bench .
the mat is north of the coin .the coin is south of the mat .
the basket is left of the card .the card is to the right of the basket .
the jar is right of the coin .the coin is to the left of the jar .
the bench is over the ring .the ring is under the bench .
the letter is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the letter .
the stamp is under the mat .
the tin is left of the card .the card is to the right of the tin .
the spoon is inside the jar .the jar contains the spoon .
the stamp is under the table .the table is over the stamp .
the jar is right of the brush .
the folder is right of the letter .
the ring is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the ring .
the coin is inside the case .
the mat is below the clock .the clock is above the mat .
the hook is in front of the key .the key is behind the hook .
the key is under the mat .the mat is over the key .
the letter is north of the counter .
the letter is under the cabinet .the cabinet is over the letter .
the poster hangs above the bench .the bench sits below the poster .
the counter is over the pen .the pen is under the counter .
the tray is right of the spoon .the spoon is to the left of the tray .
the letter is under the bench .
the ring is north of the counter .the counter is south of the ring .
the coin is inside the drawer .
the spoon is left of the tin .
the card is inside the tin .
the clock is above the cabinet .
the letter sits on the stool .the stool holds the letter .
the pocket is right of the letter .the letter is to the left of the pocket .
the spoon is right of the pocket .the pocket is to the left of the spoon .
the mat is below the mirror .the mirror is above the mat .
the folder is right of the letter .the letter is to the left of the folder .
the coin is under the counter .
the pen is under the ledge .the ledge is over the pen .
the poster is above the ledge .the ledge is below the poster .
the pen is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the pen .
the letter is north of the ledge .
the card is under the stool .
the cabinet is below the poster .
the pen is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the pen .
the counter is south of the coin .
the ledge is below the clock .the clock is above the ledge .
the stamp is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the stamp .
the card is north of the ledge .the ledge is south of the card .
the case contains the key .the key is inside the case .
the spoon is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the spoon .
the mat is south of the ring .
the brush is under the mat .
the card is left of the tin .the tin is to the right of the card .
the drawer is left of the card .the card is to the right of the drawer .
the brush is inside the tin .the tin contains the brush .
the pocket is right of the pen .
the drawer is right of the spoon .
the key is north of the stool .the stool is south of the key .
the spoon is left of the pocket .
the letter is north of the bench .the bench is south of the letter .
the brush is under the ledge .the ledge is over the brush .
the hook is above the counter .the counter is below the hook .
the folder is left of the pen .the pen is to the right of the folder .
the tray is right of the pen .the pen is to the left of the tray .
the spoon is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the spoon .
the spoon is inside the jar .
the key is north of the table .the table is south of the key .
the stool is over the stamp .the stamp is under the stool .
the ring is inside the tray .
the ring is right of the drawer .the drawer is to the left of the ring .
the tin contains the key .the key is inside the tin .
the case is left of the brush .the brush is to the right of the case .
the mat is south of the pen .
the stamp is under the stool .
the counter is below the poster .
the poster is above the mat .the mat is below the poster .
the case is right of the spoon .
the brush is inside the pocket .
the mat is north of the card .the card is south of the mat .
the pen is inside the basket .
the drawer contains the ring .the ring is inside the drawer .
the pen is north of the counter .
the poster hangs above the table .the table sits below the poster .
the cabinet is south of the coin .
the basket is left of the pen .the pen is to the right of the basket .
the key is right of the folder .the folder is to the left of the key .
the card is under the cabinet .
the spoon sits on the mat .the mat holds the spoon .
the bench is over the brush .the brush is under the bench .
the coin is inside the tray .
the table sits below the poster .the poster hangs above the table .
the bench is south of the brush .
the ledge is north of the letter .the letter is south of the ledge .
the map hangs above the ledge .the ledge sits below the map .
the map is above the mat .the mat is below the map .
the counter is north of the card .the card is south of the counter .
the spoon is inside the basket .the basket contains the spoon .
the card is under the ledge .
the map is above the bench .
the counter is below the banner .the banner is above the counter .
the bench sits below the picture .the picture hangs above the bench .
the tray contains the ring .the ring is inside the tray .
the brush is in front of the hook .the hook is behind the brush .
the coin is inside the jar .the jar contains the coin .
the card is beside the ledge .the ledge is beside the card .
the key is left of the case .
the pocket is right of the spoon .
the coin is under the table .
the ring is inside the basket .the basket contains the ring .
the spoon is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the spoon .
the ring sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the ring .
the spoon sits on the ledge .the ledge holds the spoon .
the coin is north of the stool .
the pen is inside the case .
the pen is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the pen .
the stool is below the mirror .
the mirror is above the cabinet .
the tray is left of the coin .the coin is to the right of the tray .
the drawer contains the spoon .the spoon is inside the drawer .
the ring is inside the jar .
the cabinet is over the pen .the pen is under the cabinet .
the counter is over the ring .the ring is under the counter .
the poster is above the bench .the bench is below the poster .
the mat sits below the banner .the banner hangs above the mat .
the card is left of the jar .the jar is to the right of the card .
the pen is north of the stool .
the clock is above the cabinet .the cabinet is below the clock .
the hook hangs above the mat .the mat sits below the hook .
the card is left of the folder .the folder is to the right of the card .
the case is right of the key .the key is to the left of the case .
the spoon is inside the basket .
the stamp is north of the cabinet .the cabinet is south of the stamp .
the basket contains the spoon .the spoon is inside the basket .
the picture is in front of the key .the key is behind the picture .
the spoon is beside the stool .the stool is beside the spoon .
the basket is right of the pen .
the card is inside the drawer .the drawer contains the card .
the spoon is in front of the clock .the clock is behind the spoon .
the counter is over the spoon .the spoon is under the counter .
the coin is inside the tin .
the bench is below the mirror .the mirror is above the bench .
the letter is left of the tray .the tray is to the right of the letter .
the stamp is beside the cabinet .the cabinet is beside the stamp .
the case contains the brush .the brush is inside the case .
the case is right of the coin .
the ring is under the table .
the pen is left of the drawer .the drawer is to the right of the pen .
the brush is in front of the map .the map is behind the brush .
the card is left of the folder .
the letter is left of the case .
the pen is right of the basket .the basket is to the left of the pen .
the ring is inside the pocket .
the letter is under the table .
the card is under the counter .the counter is over the card .
the case is right of the brush .
the ring is inside the pocket .the pocket contains the ring .
