the fish and the salmon are in the hall .
the carrot and the onion are near the vegetable .
the fabric and the cloth are in the yard .
the kid grows and the goat is in the hall .
a onion and a bean are vegetables .
the kid grows and the goat is near .
a kid grows and is a goat .
the trees and the oak are in the room .
the fish and the trout are in the hall .
the bus and the taxi are each a vehicle .
the birds and the sparrow are in the yard .
a sparrow and a robin are birds .
the trees and the pine are in the garden .
the bass and the carp are near the fish .
the vegetables and the onion are in the garden .
a pear and a banana are fruit .
the fruit and the pear are in the room .
the salmon and the carp are fish .
the taxi and the car are each a vehicle .
a duckling grows and is a duck .
the carp and the bass are near the fish .
the tree called elm is here .
a bean and a onion are vegetables .
the foal grows and the horse is near .
the robin and the sparrow are birds .
the fruit and the apple are in the room .
the duckling grows and the duck is in the street .
the pear and the banana are fruit .
a spade and a brush are tools .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the street .
the fabric and the cloth are in the hall .
the hammer and the brush are tools .
the puppy grows and the dog is near .
a hen and a robin are birds .
a bass and a trout are fish .
a kitten is a young cat and a lamb is a young sheep .
the bus and the truck are each a vehicle .
the cloth is made of fabric and the coin is made of metal .
the brush and the blade are tools .
a foal grows and is a horse .
the peach and the pear are fruit .
the duckling grows and the duck is near .
the carrot and the pea are near the vegetable .
a duckling grows and is a duck .
the car and the bus are each a vehicle .
the wood and the board are in the yard .
the salmon and the trout are fish .
the blade and the brush are tools .
the fish and the salmon are in the street .
a pea is one of the vegetables .
the pear and the apple are near the fruit .
the carrot and the bean are vegetables .
the pear and the peach are near the fruit .
a kid is a young goat and a kitten is a young cat .
the tools and the spade are in the room .
the vegetables and the pea are in the hall .
a sparrow and a hen are birds .
the elm and the pine are trees .
the trees and the willow are in the yard .
the birds and the robin are in the hall .
the metal and the coin are in the hall .
the brush and the hammer are tools .
a hammer and a spade are tools .
the sparrow and the crow are birds .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the room .
the robin and the crow are birds .
the tools and the brush are in the hall .
the tools and the brush are in the room .
the duckling grows and the duck is in the yard .
the peach and the banana are near the fruit .
the bean and the pea are vegetables .
the bass and the trout are fish .
the bird called robin is here .
the vegetables and the pea are in the room .
a kitten is a young cat and a duckling is a young duck .
the foal grows and the horse is near .
the bass and the carp are fish .
a oak and a elm are trees .
the willow and the elm are trees .
wood makes the board and fabric makes the cloth .
the carp and the trout are near the fish .
the fabric and the cloth are in the street .
the vegetables and the onion are in the street .
a robin is one of the birds .
the fish and the bass are in the street .
the carp and the trout are fish .
the trees and the elm are in the garden .
the trees and the elm are in the yard .
the blade and the spade are near the tool .
the oak and the elm are near the tree .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the room .
the car and the taxi are each a vehicle .
the willow and the pine are near the tree .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the room .
a spade and a hammer are tools .
the board is made of wood and the cloth is made of fabric .
the tool called brush is here .
a bean and a pea are vegetables .
the foal grows and the horse is in the hall .
the fish and the salmon are in the garden .
the tools and the hammer are in the room .
the elm and the oak are near the tree .
a foal grows and is a horse .
the banana and the apple are fruit .
the fish and the trout are in the room .
metal makes the coin and fabric makes the cloth .
the tools and the brush are in the garden .
the oak and the pine are trees .
a puppy grows and is a dog .
the fish and the bass are in the garden .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the room .
the fruit and the peach are in the hall .
a lamb grows and is a sheep .
the bird called sparrow is here .
a kid is a young goat and a duckling is a young duck .
the vegetable called carrot is here .
a carrot is one of the vegetables .
a kitten is a young cat and a puppy is a young dog .
a carrot and a pea are vegetables .
the banana and the peach are fruit .
the blade and the hammer are near the tool .
a lamb is a young sheep and a puppy is a young dog .
the apple and the banana are fruit .
the robin and the sparrow are near the bird .
the fish and the carp are in the hall .
a trout and a bass are fish .
the onion and the bean are near the vegetable .
metal makes the coin and wood makes the board .
the fruit and the banana are in the street .
a elm is one of the trees .
a foal grows and is a horse .
a willow and a elm are trees .
the trees and the elm are in the street .
a carp is one of the fish .
the apple and the peach are near the fruit .
the birds and the crow are in the room .
a pea and a bean are vegetables .
a apple and a pear are fruit .
a puppy grows and is a dog .
the willow and the oak are trees .
a elm and a oak are trees .
the pine and the oak are near the tree .
the brush and the spade are tools .
the duckling grows and the duck is near .
the trees and the pine are in the hall .
the tools and the spade are in the garden .
the onion and the pea are vegetables .
the onion and the carrot are near the vegetable .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the street .
the fruit and the peach are in the street .
the tools and the hammer are in the street .
the spade and the brush are tools .
a salmon and a bass are fish .
the fish and the trout are in the yard .
a kid is a young goat and a puppy is a young dog .
a salmon is one of the fish .
the foal grows and the horse is near .
the bass and the salmon are near the fish .
the fabric and the cloth are in the garden .
the birds and the hen are in the street .
the trees and the elm are in the room .
the fish and the salmon are in the yard .
a spade and a blade are tools .
the tree called pine is here .
the peach and the apple are fruit .
the coin is made of metal and the cloth is made of fabric .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the hall .
the tools and the blade are in the hall .
the puppy grows and the dog is near .
the birds and the hen are in the hall .
the tools and the hammer are in the hall .
a carp and a trout are fish .
wood makes the board and metal makes the coin .
the bean and the onion are vegetables .
the birds and the robin are in the street .
the vegetables and the pea are in the street .
a duckling is a young duck and a lamb is a young sheep .
the lamb grows and the sheep is near .
a foal is a young horse and a kitten is a young cat .
the tools and the spade are in the street .
a blade and a spade are tools .
the wood and the board are in the garden .
the metal and the coin are in the garden .
the trout and the bass are near the fish .
a crow and a sparrow are birds .
the hammer and the blade are tools .
a foal is a young horse and a lamb is a young sheep .
the onion and the pea are near the vegetable .
a carp and a salmon are fish .
the fruit called apple is here .
the trees and the pine are in the room .
the trout and the carp are near the fish .
fabric makes the cloth and wood makes the board .
the pea and the bean are near the vegetable .
the fruit called peach is here .
a banana and a pear are fruit .
the fruit and the peach are in the room .
a puppy is a young dog and a lamb is a young sheep .
the carp and the salmon are fish .
the hammer and the brush are near the tool .
the trees and the oak are in the hall .
the foal grows and the horse is in the garden .
a foal grows and is a horse .
a lamb is a young sheep and a kid is a young goat .
the vegetables and the bean are in the yard .
a crow and a hen are birds .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the hall .
the apple and the banana are near the fruit .
the tools and the brush are in the yard .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the yard .
the fruit and the apple are in the yard .
a kid grows and is a goat .
the carrot and the bean are near the vegetable .
the fruit and the banana are in the room .
a carrot and a bean are vegetables .
the fruit and the banana are in the hall .
the birds and the hen are in the room .
the banana and the peach are near the fruit .
a pine and a willow are trees .
the salmon and the bass are near the fish .
the elm and the oak are trees .
the tools and the spade are in the yard .
the fish called trout is here .
a puppy is a young dog and a duckling is a young duck .
a crow is one of the birds .
the tools and the spade are in the hall .
the birds and the sparrow are in the room .
the crow and the sparrow are near the bird .
the trees and the willow are in the garden .
the pear and the apple are fruit .
the fruit and the pear are in the street .
the metal and the coin are in the yard .
the trees and the oak are in the yard .
a carp and a bass are fish .
the bean and the onion are near the vegetable .
the pine and the willow are near the tree .
a apple is one of the fruit .
the willow and the pine are trees .
the sparrow and the crow are near the bird .
the duckling grows and the duck is in the room .
the fish and the carp are in the yard .
a brush and a blade are tools .
a peach and a pear are fruit .
the kid grows and the goat is near .
the birds and the sparrow are in the hall .
the trees and the willow are in the hall .
the spade and the blade are near the tool .
a lamb is a young sheep and a foal is a young horse .
the crow and the robin are birds .
the foal grows and the horse is near .
the pine and the elm are trees .
the fruit and the apple are in the garden .
the vegetables and the onion are in the yard .
the hammer and the spade are tools .
the vegetable called bean is here .
the duckling grows and the duck is near .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the yard .
a kid grows and is a goat .
a bass and a salmon are fish .
a duckling is a young duck and a kid is a young goat .
the banana and the pear are fruit .
the elm and the willow are trees .
the fish and the bass are in the yard .
the pea and the onion are vegetables .
a banana is one of the fruit .
a kitten grows and is a cat .
the board is made of wood and the coin is made of metal .
the carp and the bass are fish .
a apple and a banana are fruit .
the duckling grows and the duck is near .
a lamb grows and is a sheep .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the hall .
the lamb grows and the sheep is near .
the birds and the crow are in the street .
a salmon and a carp are fish .
a sparrow and a crow are birds .
the fish and the bass are in the room .
the salmon and the trout are near the fish .
a duckling grows and is a duck .
a elm and a willow are trees .
the vegetables and the pea are in the yard .
the pea and the onion are near the vegetable .
a foal grows and is a horse .
the pine and the oak are trees .
the metal and the coin are in the room .
the tools and the blade are in the room .
a duckling is a young duck and a kitten is a young cat .
the tree called willow is here .
the crow and the hen are near the bird .
the truck and the bus are each a vehicle .
the fruit and the apple are in the street .
the tools and the blade are in the yard .
the sparrow and the robin are near the bird .
a puppy is a young dog and a foal is a young horse .
a blade and a hammer are tools .
the puppy grows and the dog is near .
the blade and the hammer are tools .
the peach and the apple are near the fruit .
the crow and the hen are birds .
the trees and the pine are in the yard .
the fish and the carp are in the garden .
a oak and a willow are trees .
the duckling grows and the duck is in the garden .
the tool called spade is here .
a robin and a sparrow are birds .
the wood and the board are in the room .
the spade and the blade are tools .
a onion is one of the vegetables .
a foal is a young horse and a puppy is a young dog .
the puppy grows and the dog is near .
the trees and the oak are in the garden .
the willow and the elm are near the tree .
a hammer and a brush are tools .
the spade and the brush are near the tool .
a oak is one of the trees .
the apple and the pear are fruit .
the trout and the salmon are fish .
the duckling grows and the duck is near .
a kitten grows and is a cat .
a pea and a carrot are vegetables .
a pear and a apple are fruit .
the fruit and the pear are in the yard .
a brush and a hammer are tools .
a duckling is a young duck and a foal is a young horse .
the tool called blade is here .
the tree called oak is here .
a lamb grows and is a sheep .
the vegetable called onion is here .
the wood and the board are in the hall .
a oak and a pine are trees .
the robin and the hen are birds .
the salmon and the bass are fish .
the spade and the hammer are tools .
the peach and the pear are near the fruit .
a lamb grows and is a sheep .
the carrot and the pea are vegetables .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the garden .
the puppy grows and the dog is near .
the elm and the willow are near the tree .
a onion and a carrot are vegetables .
the fish called salmon is here .
the hammer and the blade are near the tool .
the brush and the spade are near the tool .
the apple and the pear are near the fruit .
the vegetables and the bean are in the street .
the oak and the willow are near the tree .
the wood and the board are in the street .
the elm and the pine are near the tree .
the trout and the salmon are near the fish .
the robin and the hen are near the bird .
the fruit and the pear are in the garden .
the tools and the blade are in the garden .
a peach is one of the fruit .
a foal is a young horse and a duckling is a young duck .
a sparrow is one of the birds .
a duckling is a young duck and a puppy is a young dog .
a hen is one of the birds .
the vegetables and the bean are in the garden .
a kitten grows and is a cat .
a blade and a brush are tools .
the blade and the spade are tools .
the fruit and the peach are in the garden .
a pear is one of the fruit .
the pine and the willow are trees .
a lamb is a young sheep and a kitten is a young cat .
the foal grows and the horse is in the yard .
a peach and a banana are fruit .
the hen and the crow are birds .
the pear and the peach are fruit .
the kitten grows and the cat is near .
the birds and the sparrow are in the street .
a pine and a oak are trees .
a duckling grows and is a duck .
the fish called bass is here .
a trout and a carp are fish .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the street .
a spade is one of the tools .
the foal grows and the horse is near .
the vegetables and the bean are in the hall .
the fruit and the peach are in the yard .
the oak and the pine are near the tree .
the lamb grows and the sheep is near .
the birds and the sparrow are in the garden .
a bass and a carp are fish .
the kid grows and the goat is near .
the trees and the willow are in the street .
a foal is a young horse and a kid is a young goat .
the fruit and the pear are in the hall .
the bird called crow is here .
the trees and the pine are in the street .
a robin and a crow are birds .
the kitten grows and the cat is near .
the tools and the brush are in the street .
a pine is one of the trees .
the birds and the hen are in the garden .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the garden .
the truck and the car are each a vehicle .
a bean is one of the vegetables .
a banana and a peach are fruit .
a puppy grows and is a dog .
the trees and the willow are in the room .
the brush and the blade are near the tool .
a puppy grows and is a dog .
a bean and a carrot are vegetables .
a kitten is a young cat and a foal is a young horse .
the lamb grows and the sheep is near .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the garden .
a pea and a onion are vegetables .
the fish and the trout are in the street .
the fruit and the banana are in the yard .
a lamb grows and is a sheep .
the hen and the sparrow are birds .
the banana and the pear are near the fruit .
the bean and the carrot are near the vegetable .
the hen and the robin are birds .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the street .
a duckling grows and is a duck .
the fruit called pear is here .
the hen and the robin are near the bird .
a hammer and a blade are tools .
the pea and the carrot are vegetables .
the bean and the carrot are vegetables .
the duckling grows and the duck is in the hall .
the truck and the taxi are each a vehicle .
the birds and the hen are in the yard .
the fish called carp is here .
the sparrow and the hen are birds .
the birds and the robin are in the yard .
the hen and the crow are near the bird .
the coin is made of metal and the board is made of wood .
the vegetables and the bean are in the room .
a puppy is a young dog and a kitten is a young cat .
the crow and the robin are near the bird .
the fish and the trout are in the garden .
the salmon and the carp are near the fish .
the kid grows and the goat is in the garden .
a brush is one of the tools .
a kitten is a young cat and a kid is a young goat .
a carrot and a onion are vegetables .
the car and the truck are each a vehicle .
the birds and the robin are in the room .
the kid grows and the goat is near .
the spade and the hammer are near the tool .
the blade and the brush are near the tool .
a brush and a spade are tools .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the yard .
a onion and a pea are vegetables .
the taxi and the bus are each a vehicle .
the onion and the bean are vegetables .
a willow and a oak are trees .
the foal grows and the horse is in the room .
the bass and the salmon are fish .
the foal grows and the horse is in the street .
the kid grows and the goat is in the room .
the hammer and the spade are near the tool .
the bean and the pea are near the vegetable .
the bass and the trout are near the fish .
the fabric and the cloth are in the room .
a salmon and a trout are fish .
the kid grows and the goat is in the street .
the trees and the oak are in the street .
the fish and the salmon are in the room .
the trout and the carp are fish .
the trout and the bass are fish .
a robin and a hen are birds .
a kid is a young goat and a foal is a young horse .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the yard .
a crow and a robin are birds .
the apple and the peach are fruit .
the oak and the willow are trees .
a trout and a salmon are fish .
the metal and the coin are in the street .
a lamb is a young sheep and a duckling is a young duck .
the tools and the hammer are in the garden .
fabric makes the cloth and metal makes the coin .
the kid grows and the goat is near .
the pea and the bean are vegetables .
the kitten grows and the cat is near .
a pine and a elm are trees .
the trees and the elm are in the hall .
the onion and the carrot are vegetables .
the carp and the salmon are near the fish .
a puppy is a young dog and a kid is a young goat .
the oak and the elm are trees .
a hen and a sparrow are birds .
the banana and the apple are near the fruit .
a peach and a apple are fruit .
the vegetables and the onion are in the room .
the carrot and the onion are vegetables .
a kitten grows and is a cat .
the birds and the crow are in the yard .
a puppy grows and is a dog .
the crow and the sparrow are birds .
the pine and the elm are near the tree .
the vegetables and the pea are in the garden .
a hammer is one of the tools .
the hen and the sparrow are near the bird .
the fish and the carp are in the street .
a hen and a crow are birds .
a elm and a pine are trees .
the pea and the carrot are near the vegetable .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the garden .
the brush and the hammer are near the tool .
a bass is one of the fish .
the fish and the bass are in the hall .
the kitten grows and the cat is near .
the bus and the car are each a vehicle .
the fruit and the apple are in the hall .
a banana and a apple are fruit .
the fruit and the banana are in the garden .
a willow and a pine are trees .
the kid grows and the goat is in the yard .
the taxi and the truck are each a vehicle .
the fruit called banana is here .
the birds and the crow are in the garden .
the birds and the crow are in the hall .
a kid grows and is a goat .
the willow and the oak are near the tree .
a trout is one of the fish .
the tools and the hammer are in the yard .
a kid grows and is a goat .
the kitten grows and the cat is near .
the pear and the banana are near the fruit .
the birds and the robin are in the garden .
a apple and a peach are fruit .
the tool called hammer is here .
the vegetables and the onion are in the hall .
a kid is a young goat and a lamb is a young sheep .
the bird called hen is here .
the robin and the crow are near the bird .
the peach and the banana are fruit .
the cloth is made of fabric and the board is made of wood .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the hall .
a kitten grows and is a cat .
a blade is one of the tools .
the fish and the carp are in the room .
a pear and a peach are fruit .
the sparrow and the robin are birds .
the tools and the blade are in the street .
the vegetable called pea is here .
the lamb grows and the sheep is near .
the sparrow and the hen are near the bird .
a willow is one of the trees .
