first lift the basket .then fill it .the last action is fill .
the truck came before the van .the vehicle arriving later was the van .
lunch happens before supper .the later meal is supper .
first seal the tray .then stack it .the first action is seal .
the truck arrived before the car .the later vehicle was the car .
breakfast and supper are in the hall .
the van arrived after the truck .the earlier vehicle was the truck .
first lift the crate .then sort it .the first action is lift .
the van arrived before the taxi .the later vehicle was the taxi .
the van arrived after the taxi .the earlier vehicle was the taxi .
first lift the card .then stack it .the first action is lift .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the street .
breakfast and supper are in the street .
supper happens after dinner .the earlier meal is dinner .
first seal the folder .then pack it .the last action is pack .
first buy the basket .then pack it .the first action is buy .
breakfast and dinner are in the street .
lunch happens before dinner .the later meal is dinner .
breakfast is a meal and so is supper .
first lift the basket .then fill it .the first action is lift .
first pack the crate .then seal it .the last action is seal .
the truck arrived before the taxi .the later vehicle was the taxi .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
first seal the card .then fold it .the first action is seal .
brunch happens after lunch .the earlier meal is lunch .
first seal the tray .then buy it .the first action is seal .
the van arrived after the car .the earlier vehicle was the car .
breakfast and dinner are in the yard .
the van came before the car .the vehicle arriving later was the car .
the car came after the taxi .the vehicle arriving earlier was the taxi .
the taxi arrived before the truck .the later vehicle was the truck .
first buy the basket .then stack it .the first action is buy .
breakfast is a meal and so is dinner .
the car arrived before the truck .the later vehicle was the truck .
breakfast and dinner are in the garden .
the taxi arrived before the van .the later vehicle was the van .
the truck came after the car .the vehicle arriving earlier was the car .
brunch happens after dinner .the earlier meal is dinner .
he will fill the basket and then seal it .
first stack the basket .then buy it .the first action is stack .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the room .
first stack the card .then pack it .the first action is stack .
the truck came before the taxi .the vehicle arriving later was the taxi .
breakfast and dinner are in the room .
first sort the tray .then seal it .the last action is seal .
first fold the card .then seal it .the first action is fold .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the yard .
first seal the card .then fold it .the last action is fold .
first stack the tray .then fold it .the last action is fold .
first stack the basket .then buy it .the last action is buy .
first fill the folder .then lift it .the last action is lift .
first seal the crate .then lift it .the last action is lift .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the room .
first fill the folder .then seal it .the last action is seal .
first fill the tray .then sort it .the last action is sort .
breakfast is a meal and so is dinner .
lunch happens after brunch .the earlier meal is brunch .
she will wash and dry the basket .
she will wash and dry the card .
the van came after the truck .the vehicle arriving earlier was the truck .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the room .
the truck came after the van .the vehicle arriving earlier was the van .
breakfast and supper are in the room .
first lift the basket .then seal it .the last action is seal .
first fold the crate .then stack it .the last action is stack .
first fold the crate .then lift it .the last action is lift .
first sort the folder .then stack it .the last action is stack .
first buy the card .then seal it .the last action is seal .
the taxi arrived after the van .the earlier vehicle was the van .
first pack the crate .then fold it .the last action is fold .
first lift the tray .then pack it .the last action is pack .
the taxi came after the car .the vehicle arriving earlier was the car .
first buy the crate .then fill it .the last action is fill .
first lift the tray .then fold it .the first action is lift .
the dry crate and the wet crate are clean .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the street .
the car arrived after the taxi .the earlier vehicle was the taxi .
first buy the card .then seal it .the first action is buy .
breakfast and brunch are in the garden .
first stack the basket .then fill it .the last action is fill .
the van arrived before the truck .the later vehicle was the truck .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
first seal the basket .then sort it .the last action is sort .
first sort the folder .then fill it .the last action is fill .
first pack the basket .then stack it .the first action is pack .
the car arrived after the van .the earlier vehicle was the van .
we wash the basket and then we dry it .
first lift the card .then buy it .the last action is buy .
breakfast is a meal and so is brunch .
first seal the tray .then buy it .the last action is buy .
dinner happens after supper .the earlier meal is supper .
first stack the basket .then sort it .the first action is stack .
brunch happens before lunch .the later meal is lunch .
the car arrived before the van .the later vehicle was the van .
breakfast is a meal and so is lunch .
first pack the card .then sort it .the first action is pack .
first stack the tray .then seal it .the last action is seal .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the garden .
dinner happens before supper .the later meal is supper .
breakfast and brunch are in the yard .
first sort the folder .then fold it .the last action is fold .
the car came after the truck .the vehicle arriving earlier was the truck .
first sort the folder .then pack it .the first action is sort .
first stack the card .then lift it .the first action is stack .
breakfast is a meal and so is brunch .
breakfast and dinner are in the hall .
first lift the tray .then fold it .the last action is fold .
first buy the basket .then pack it .the last action is pack .
first fold the folder .then buy it .the last action is buy .
first fill the folder .then lift it .the first action is fill .
he will fill the card and then seal it .
lunch happens before brunch .the later meal is brunch .
breakfast and brunch are in the hall .
first buy the basket .then sort it .the first action is buy .
first pack the crate .then seal it .the first action is pack .
first fill the folder .then stack it .the first action is fill .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the yard .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
breakfast and lunch are in the street .
the dry tray and the wet tray are clean .
the truck came after the taxi .the vehicle arriving earlier was the taxi .
first fold the card .then fill it .the last action is fill .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
we wash the folder and then we dry it .
the taxi came before the truck .the vehicle arriving later was the truck .
first seal the card .then fill it .the first action is seal .
first pack the basket .then lift it .the first action is pack .
breakfast and supper are in the garden .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the street .
supper happens before dinner .the later meal is dinner .
first stack the card .then pack it .the last action is pack .
first buy the basket .then sort it .the last action is sort .
first pack the basket .then lift it .the last action is lift .
first fold the crate .then pack it .the last action is pack .
first fold the card .then sort it .the last action is sort .
first pack the folder .then fill it .the last action is fill .
breakfast is a meal and so is lunch .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
first pack the folder .then fill it .the first action is pack .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
first fill the basket .then fold it .the first action is fill .
first lift the crate .then sort it .the last action is sort .
the car arrived before the taxi .the later vehicle was the taxi .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
first lift the basket .then seal it .the first action is lift .
supper happens before brunch .the later meal is brunch .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the yard .
he will fill the folder and then seal it .
first stack the card .then lift it .the last action is lift .
first buy the basket .then fold it .the first action is buy .
first fold the card .then sort it .the first action is fold .
first pack the card .then sort it .the last action is sort .
breakfast is a meal and so is dinner .
first seal the basket .then sort it .the first action is seal .
breakfast and supper are in the yard .
the dry card and the wet card are clean .
the car came before the van .the vehicle arriving later was the van .
breakfast and lunch are in the garden .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
first fill the folder .then buy it .the first action is fill .
dinner happens after lunch .the earlier meal is lunch .
first fill the tray .then pack it .the last action is pack .
first sort the crate .then buy it .the last action is buy .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
breakfast and brunch are in the room .
first seal the tray .then stack it .the last action is stack .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the hall .
the taxi came before the car .the vehicle arriving later was the car .
the truck arrived after the van .the earlier vehicle was the van .
the van came after the car .the vehicle arriving earlier was the car .
the van came before the taxi .the vehicle arriving later was the taxi .
breakfast is a meal and so is supper .
we wash the tray and then we dry it .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the room .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
dinner happens after brunch .the earlier meal is brunch .
first sort the folder .then pack it .the last action is pack .
first fold the folder .then buy it .the first action is fold .
first fold the crate .then stack it .the first action is fold .
first fill the tray .then pack it .the first action is fill .
supper happens after lunch .the earlier meal is lunch .
first fold the card .then fill it .the first action is fold .
the taxi came after the truck .the vehicle arriving earlier was the truck .
first sort the tray .then seal it .the first action is sort .
supper happens after brunch .the earlier meal is brunch .
breakfast and lunch are in the room .
breakfast is a meal and so is supper .
the taxi came after the van .the vehicle arriving earlier was the van .
dinner happens before lunch .the later meal is lunch .
brunch happens before dinner .the later meal is dinner .
the car came before the taxi .the vehicle arriving later was the taxi .
breakfast is a meal and so is brunch .
she will wash and dry the tray .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
first sort the folder .then fold it .the first action is sort .
breakfast is a meal and so is supper .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
the taxi arrived after the car .the earlier vehicle was the car .
first sort the folder .then lift it .the first action is sort .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
he will fill the tray and then seal it .
lunch happens after supper .the earlier meal is supper .
breakfast is a meal and so is lunch .
first fill the folder .then seal it .the first action is fill .
the car came before the truck .the vehicle arriving later was the truck .
she will wash and dry the folder .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
the dry folder and the wet folder are clean .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the garden .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
breakfast is a meal and so is lunch .
first buy the basket .then stack it .the last action is stack .
the truck arrived after the taxi .the earlier vehicle was the taxi .
first seal the crate .then lift it .the first action is seal .
breakfast is a meal and so is dinner .
the van arrived before the car .the later vehicle was the car .
we wash the card and then we dry it .
first fill the folder .then stack it .the last action is stack .
first pack the folder .then buy it .the first action is pack .
the car arrived after the truck .the earlier vehicle was the truck .
first fill the tray .then sort it .the first action is fill .
the van came before the truck .the vehicle arriving later was the truck .
first pack the crate .then fold it .the first action is pack .
the taxi arrived before the car .the later vehicle was the car .
first stack the basket .then fill it .the first action is stack .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the hall .
supper happens before lunch .the later meal is lunch .
breakfast is a meal and so is dinner .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the hall .
breakfast is a meal and so is lunch .
first sort the folder .then lift it .the last action is lift .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
the car came after the van .the vehicle arriving earlier was the van .
first buy the basket .then fold it .the last action is fold .
first sort the crate .then buy it .the first action is sort .
breakfast is a meal and so is brunch .
brunch happens before supper .the later meal is supper .
dinner happens before brunch .the later meal is brunch .
first fold the crate .then lift it .the first action is fold .
first fold the crate .then pack it .the first action is fold .
the truck arrived before the van .the later vehicle was the van .
first pack the basket .then stack it .the last action is stack .
breakfast and lunch are in the yard .
breakfast and brunch are in the street .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the yard .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the hall .
breakfast is a meal and so is supper .
the dry basket and the wet basket are clean .
first stack the tray .then seal it .the first action is stack .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
first fill the folder .then buy it .the last action is buy .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
first buy the basket .then lift it .the last action is lift .
first buy the basket .then lift it .the first action is buy .
breakfast is a meal and so is brunch .
first stack the basket .then sort it .the last action is sort .
first lift the card .then buy it .the first action is lift .
breakfast and lunch are in the hall .
first lift the tray .then pack it .the first action is lift .
she will wash and dry the crate .
first stack the tray .then fold it .the first action is stack .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the street .
first pack the folder .then buy it .the last action is buy .
lunch happens after dinner .the earlier meal is dinner .
the van came after the taxi .the vehicle arriving earlier was the taxi .
the train and the bus arrived at the station .
first lift the card .then stack it .the last action is stack .
the taxi came before the van .the vehicle arriving later was the van .
we wash the crate and then we dry it .
first sort the folder .then fill it .the first action is sort .
the truck arrived after the car .the earlier vehicle was the car .
brunch happens after supper .the earlier meal is supper .
first sort the folder .then stack it .the first action is sort .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
he will fill the crate and then seal it .
first seal the card .then fill it .the last action is fill .
first fill the basket .then fold it .the last action is fold .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the garden .
the truck came before the car .the vehicle arriving later was the car .
first seal the folder .then pack it .the first action is seal .
first buy the crate .then fill it .the first action is buy .
the taxi arrived after the truck .the earlier vehicle was the truck .
a bus and a train are each a vehicle .
first fold the card .then seal it .the last action is seal .
we wash the cup before breakfast in the garden .
