the peach and the apple are fruit .
the owl and the crow are near the bird .
the vegetables and the onion are in the hall .
the spoon and the blade are tools .
a carrot and a pea are vegetables .
a car is a vehicle and a train is a vehicle .
the lamb and the puppy grow and are a sheep and a dog .
the vegetables and the pea are in the yard .
a carp is one of the fish and so is a fish .
the oak and the willow are trees .
the fish and the carp are in the garden .
the sparrow and the crow are near the bird .
the onion and the pea are near the vegetable .
the truck and the taxi are each a vehicle .
the birds and the sparrow are in the garden .
the fruit and the banana are in the yard .
a duck is near the hall .
the duck and the owl are birds .
the carrot and the onion are near the vegetable .
the fish and the carp are in the hall .
the tools and the spoon are in the street .
a oak and a pine are trees .
the elm and the pine are trees .
the willow and the elm are near the tree .
the carrot and the bean are vegetables .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the room .
the fruit and the apple are in the room .
the trees and the pine are in the hall .
the train and the car are each a vehicle .
a foal grows and then a horse is near the yard .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the market .
the salmon and the carp are fish .
a crow and a robin are birds .
a salmon is one of the fish and so is a fish .
a willow and a pine are trees .
the trees and the willow are in the garden .
the young horse grows in the yard .
a pea and a bean are vegetables .
the tools and the blade are in the hall .
a duck is one of the birds and so is a bird .
the puppy grows and the dog is near .
a elm and a oak are trees .
the tools and the blade are in the yard .
a kitten grows and then a cat is near the market .
the trees and the elm are in the street .
a duck is near the room .
the tools and the spoon are in the yard .
the birds and the robin are in the room .
the hen and the crow are near the bird .
the hen and the owl are birds .
a lamb is a young sheep and a puppy is a young dog .
the pea and the bean are near the vegetable .
a spoon is one of the tools and so is a tool .
a salmon and a bass are fish .
the fruit and the pear are in the yard .
a train is a vehicle and a car is a vehicle .
a lamb is a young sheep and a foal is a young horse .
the young sheep grows in the room .
the onion and the bean are near the vegetable .
the kitten and the puppy grow and are a cat and a dog .
a salmon and a trout are fish .
the wood and the metal are hard .
the tools and the hammer are in the hall .
the foal grows and the horse is in the street .
a blade and a hammer are tools .
the birds and the crow are in the hall .
a onion and a pea are vegetables .
a crow and a owl are birds .
a blade is one of the tools and so is a tool .
the fruit and the apple are in the hall .
a pine and a willow are trees .
the fish and the trout are in the room .
the fish and the salmon are in the garden .
the carp and the trout are near the fish .
the young dog grows in the garden .
the crow and the robin are near the bird .
the birds and the sparrow are in the street .
the bus and the taxi are each a vehicle .
the birds and the robin are in the yard .
a horse is near the room .
a cat is near the room .
the trees and the oak are in the yard .
the robin and the crow are birds .
the birds and the hen are in the hall .
a carp and a salmon are fish .
the young cat grows in the yard .
the vegetables and the pea are in the garden .
a puppy grows and then a dog is near the market .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the room .
a hen and a owl are birds .
the owl and the sparrow are near the bird .
the vegetables and the bean are in the room .
the lamb and the kitten grow and are a sheep and a cat .
the foal grows and the horse is near .
the hen and the duck are near the bird .
a van is a vehicle and a taxi is a vehicle .
the peach and the pear are fruit .
the fish and the trout are in the hall .
the van and the car are each a vehicle .
the foal and the kitten grow and are a horse and a cat .
the willow and the pine are trees .
the young horse grows in the garden .
a peach and a apple are fruit .
the birds and the sparrow are in the yard .
a pear and a banana are fruit .
a horse is near the garden .
a kitten grows and then a cat is near the yard .
the apple and the peach are fruit .
a bus is a vehicle and a truck is a vehicle .
the young cat grows in the hall .
the birds and the hen are in the street .
the crow and the sparrow are birds .
the pear and the banana are near the fruit .
the sparrow and the duck are near the bird .
the birds and the duck are in the yard .
a hammer is one of the tools and so is a tool .
the tools and the blade are in the garden .
a carp and a bass are fish .
a owl and a duck are birds .
the brush and the hammer are tools .
a spoon and a brush are tools .
a goat is near the street .
a elm and a pine are trees .
the spoon and the hammer are near the tool .
the spoon and the blade are near the tool .
the carp and the salmon are fish .
the fruit and the banana are in the garden .
the pear and the peach are near the fruit .
a pea and a carrot are vegetables .
a puppy grows and is a dog .
the trees and the willow are in the hall .
the willow and the elm are trees .
a horse is near the street .
the lamb and the foal grow and are a sheep and a horse .
the fruit and the pear are in the garden .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the street .
a pea and a onion are vegetables .
a blade and a spoon are tools .
the birds and the duck are in the room .
the sparrow and the owl are birds .
the fish and the carp are in the street .
the tools and the hammer are in the street .
the bus and the train are each a vehicle .
the van and the train are each a vehicle .
the foal and the lamb grow and are a horse and a sheep .
a taxi is a vehicle and a car is a vehicle .
a sparrow and a hen are birds .
the trees and the oak are in the street .
the young dog grows in the hall .
a robin is one of the birds and so is a bird .
the robin and the owl are birds .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the yard .
a taxi is a vehicle and a train is a vehicle .
the duck and the crow are near the bird .
the banana and the peach are near the fruit .
the birds and the owl are in the hall .
the peach and the apple are near the fruit .
a goat is near the hall .
the pea and the onion are near the vegetable .
the young horse grows in the market .
the bus and the truck are each a vehicle .
the crow and the robin are birds .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the hall .
the kitten and the lamb grow and are a cat and a sheep .
a foal grows and is a horse .
a trout and a bass are fish .
the peach and the banana are fruit .
the willow and the oak are trees .
a oak and a elm are trees .
the car and the taxi are each a vehicle .
the young cat grows in the garden .
a sparrow and a duck are birds .
a puppy is a young dog and a kitten is a young cat .
the young sheep grows in the market .
the apple and the peach are near the fruit .
a lamb is a young sheep and a kitten is a young cat .
the van and the truck are each a vehicle .
a foal is a young horse and a puppy is a young dog .
the hen and the sparrow are near the bird .
a duck is near the garden .
the lamb grows and the sheep is near .
the vegetables and the pea are in the hall .
a sparrow and a crow are birds .
the kitten grows and the cat is near .
the sparrow and the owl are near the bird .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the garden .
the vegetables and the onion are in the garden .
the young horse grows in the room .
a cat is near the yard .
the birds and the owl are in the street .
the fish and the carp are in the room .
a peach and a banana are fruit .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the garden .
a duck and a crow are birds .
the banana and the pear are fruit .
a truck is a vehicle and a car is a vehicle .
the young horse grows in the hall .
the fruit and the peach are in the street .
a trout is one of the fish and so is a fish .
the birds and the sparrow are in the room .
the owl and the duck are near the bird .
a brush is one of the tools and so is a tool .
the kitten and the foal grow and are a cat and a horse .
the apple and the banana are fruit .
the spoon and the hammer are tools .
a foal grows and then a horse is near the market .
a lamb grows and then a sheep is near the garden .
the robin and the duck are near the bird .
the vegetables and the onion are in the street .
the truck and the car are each a vehicle .
the banana and the pear are near the fruit .
the trees and the pine are in the street .
a spoon and a hammer are tools .
the trout and the carp are near the fish .
the salmon and the bass are near the fish .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the yard .
a horse is near the hall .
the blade and the brush are near the tool .
a kitten grows and is a cat .
a bus is a vehicle and a car is a vehicle .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the hall .
a puppy grows and then a dog is near the street .
the robin and the hen are near the bird .
the vegetables and the bean are in the yard .
the birds and the crow are in the garden .
the owl and the sparrow are birds .
a foal is a young horse and a lamb is a young sheep .
the tools and the brush are in the room .
the vegetables and the pea are in the street .
the fruit and the peach are in the room .
a puppy grows and then a dog is near the room .
a brush and a spoon are tools .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the market .
a pear is one of the fruit and so is a fruit .
the truck and the bus are each a vehicle .
the birds and the owl are in the garden .
a lamb grows and then a sheep is near the yard .
a goat is near the garden .
the foal grows and the horse is in the hall .
the birds and the robin are in the hall .
the birds and the hen are in the garden .
a elm and a willow are trees .
a foal grows and then a horse is near the street .
a banana and a apple are fruit .
the tools and the blade are in the room .
the robin and the sparrow are birds .
a robin and a duck are birds .
the hen and the sparrow are birds .
the pea and the bean are vegetables .
a bass and a carp are fish .
the foal grows and the horse is near .
a carrot and a bean are vegetables .
a truck is a vehicle and a train is a vehicle .
the puppy grows and the dog is near .
a willow and a elm are trees .
a owl is one of the birds and so is a bird .
the pea and the onion are vegetables .
the trees and the pine are in the garden .
a horse is near the yard .
the salmon and the trout are fish .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the market .
a duck is near the street .
a goat is near the room .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the hall .
the tools and the spoon are in the room .
the hen and the robin are birds .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the garden .
the pine and the willow are trees .
a robin and a sparrow are birds .
the tools and the hammer are in the garden .
the birds and the hen are in the yard .
a cat is near the street .
the owl and the hen are birds .
the hen and the duck are birds .
a banana and a pear are fruit .
the bean and the pea are near the vegetable .
a hen is one of the birds and so is a bird .
a spoon and a blade are tools .
the birds and the crow are in the yard .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the room .
a brush and a hammer are tools .
the car and the bus are each a vehicle .
a bean and a carrot are vegetables .
the owl and the crow are birds .
the taxi and the bus are each a vehicle .
the puppy and the lamb grow and are a dog and a sheep .
the owl and the robin are birds .
the apple and the banana are near the fruit .
the fish and the salmon are in the hall .
the fish and the bass are in the garden .
a carp and a trout are fish .
a kitten is a young cat and a puppy is a young dog .
a car is a vehicle and a van is a vehicle .
the brush and the hammer are near the tool .
fabric makes the cloth and wood makes the board .
a puppy is a young dog and a foal is a young horse .
a lamb grows and is a sheep .
the hen and the crow are birds .
the crow and the hen are birds .
the bass and the salmon are fish .
the trout and the carp are fish .
a kitten grows and is a cat .
the blade and the hammer are tools .
the lamb grows and the sheep is near .
a foal grows and then a horse is near the hall .
the pear and the banana are fruit .
a cat is near the hall .
the spoon and the brush are tools .
the hammer and the brush are near the tool .
a bean and a onion are vegetables .
a hen and a robin are birds .
the birds and the robin are in the garden .
the brush and the spoon are near the tool .
the tools and the hammer are in the room .
the puppy and the kitten grow and are a dog and a cat .
wood makes the board and fabric makes the cloth .
a dog is near the hall .
the kitten grows and the cat is near .
the foal grows and the horse is near .
the vegetables and the bean are in the street .
a hammer and a blade are tools .
the puppy grows and the dog is near .
the willow and the pine are near the tree .
the board is made of wood and the cloth is made of fabric .
the duck and the robin are near the bird .
the oak and the pine are near the tree .
the fruit and the pear are in the room .
the fabric and the wood are hard .
a oak and a willow are trees .
wood makes the board and metal makes the coin .
a robin and a hen are birds .
the fish and the trout are in the yard .
a truck is a vehicle and a taxi is a vehicle .
a onion and a carrot are vegetables .
the robin and the owl are near the bird .
the hen and the owl are near the bird .
a duck is near the yard .
the oak and the willow are near the tree .
a van is a vehicle and a bus is a vehicle .
the onion and the pea are vegetables .
the trees and the elm are in the garden .
the coin is made of metal and the cloth is made of fabric .
the foal grows and the horse is in the room .
a peach and a pear are fruit .
the hammer and the blade are near the tool .
the car and the truck are each a vehicle .
a crow and a duck are birds .
a bass and a trout are fish .
a kitten grows and then a cat is near the room .
a dog is near the street .
a kitten is a young cat and a lamb is a young sheep .
the blade and the hammer are near the tool .
a apple is one of the fruit and so is a fruit .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the street .
a onion is one of the vegetables and so is a vegetable .
the fruit and the pear are in the hall .
the young dog grows in the market .
a kitten grows and then a cat is near the street .
the fish and the bass are in the room .
the vegetables and the bean are in the hall .
the carrot and the onion are vegetables .
a car is a vehicle and a bus is a vehicle .
the bus and the van are each a vehicle .
a kitten grows and is a cat .
the taxi and the car are each a vehicle .
the elm and the willow are trees .
the carrot and the bean are near the vegetable .
the fabric and the metal are hard .
the robin and the hen are birds .
the pine and the willow are near the tree .
a pea is one of the vegetables and so is a vegetable .
a elm is one of the trees and so is a tree .
the duck and the crow are birds .
a pear and a apple are fruit .
a duck and a robin are birds .
the crow and the owl are birds .
a bean is one of the vegetables and so is a vegetable .
a apple and a banana are fruit .
the foal and the puppy grow and are a horse and a dog .
the bass and the trout are fish .
the young sheep grows in the street .
the pine and the elm are near the tree .
a bass and a salmon are fish .
a duck and a sparrow are birds .
the crow and the owl are near the bird .
a van is a vehicle and a car is a vehicle .
a foal grows and is a horse .
the cloth is made of fabric and the coin is made of metal .
a sparrow and a robin are birds .
a sparrow and a owl are birds .
a oak is one of the trees and so is a tree .
the onion and the bean are vegetables .
the fish and the trout are in the garden .
the young sheep grows in the yard .
a willow is one of the trees and so is a tree .
a duck and a owl are birds .
the oak and the elm are near the tree .
the salmon and the carp are near the fish .
the bus and the car are each a vehicle .
a owl and a crow are birds .
a car is a vehicle and a truck is a vehicle .
a pine and a oak are trees .
the trout and the bass are near the fish .
the pea and the carrot are near the vegetable .
a truck is a vehicle and a van is a vehicle .
a banana and a peach are fruit .
a van is a vehicle and a train is a vehicle .
metal makes the coin and fabric makes the cloth .
a taxi is a vehicle and a truck is a vehicle .
a kitten grows and then a cat is near the garden .
a hammer and a spoon are tools .
the van and the bus are each a vehicle .
the carp and the salmon are near the fish .
the sparrow and the hen are birds .
the birds and the owl are in the yard .
the vegetables and the pea are in the room .
a bass is one of the fish and so is a fish .
the train and the taxi are each a vehicle .
the tools and the brush are in the hall .
a foal grows and is a horse .
the board is made of wood and the coin is made of metal .
a foal grows and then a horse is near the garden .
a puppy grows and is a dog .
the train and the van are each a vehicle .
the bass and the salmon are near the fish .
the duck and the sparrow are near the bird .
the peach and the pear are near the fruit .
the fish and the salmon are in the room .
the tools and the spoon are in the hall .
a puppy grows and then a dog is near the hall .
a pine and a elm are trees .
the taxi and the van are each a vehicle .
the crow and the duck are birds .
the fruit and the peach are in the yard .
the pear and the apple are fruit .
the sparrow and the hen are near the bird .
the pine and the oak are near the tree .
the owl and the robin are near the bird .
the bass and the carp are near the fish .
the bean and the carrot are near the vegetable .
the trees and the elm are in the yard .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the room .
the fish and the bass are in the street .
the van and the taxi are each a vehicle .
a carrot is one of the vegetables and so is a vegetable .
the birds and the robin are in the street .
the birds and the sparrow are in the hall .
the fish and the trout are in the street .
the robin and the sparrow are near the bird .
a lamb grows and then a sheep is near the street .
a car is a vehicle and a taxi is a vehicle .
a sparrow is one of the birds and so is a bird .
a pine is one of the trees and so is a tree .
a dog is near the yard .
a owl and a sparrow are birds .
fabric makes the cloth and metal makes the coin .
the pea and the carrot are vegetables .
the blade and the spoon are tools .
the young cat grows in the room .
the peach and the banana are near the fruit .
the trout and the salmon are near the fish .
the trees and the oak are in the garden .
the oak and the pine are trees .
the vegetables and the onion are in the room .
the tools and the brush are in the garden .
the foal grows and the horse is in the garden .
the owl and the duck are birds .
the oak and the elm are trees .
the tools and the blade are in the street .
the fish and the salmon are in the yard .
the spoon and the brush are near the tool .
the banana and the apple are near the fruit .
the truck and the train are each a vehicle .
the crow and the sparrow are near the bird .
the birds and the duck are in the hall .
the brush and the blade are tools .
a crow and a hen are birds .
the fish and the bass are in the yard .
the banana and the apple are fruit .
the truck and the van are each a vehicle .
the blade and the brush are tools .
a duck and a hen are birds .
the trout and the salmon are fish .
the pear and the apple are near the fruit .
the tools and the brush are in the yard .
the sparrow and the duck are birds .
a banana is one of the fruit and so is a fruit .
the car and the van are each a vehicle .
the apple and the pear are fruit .
the banana and the peach are fruit .
the duck and the hen are birds .
the crow and the duck are near the bird .
the foal grows and the horse is in the yard .
the hammer and the spoon are tools .
the young cat grows in the street .
a kitten grows and then a cat is near the hall .
the tools and the brush are in the street .
a puppy grows and then a dog is near the garden .
the tools and the spoon are in the garden .
the trees and the willow are in the street .
a lamb grows and then a sheep is near the market .
the car and the train are each a vehicle .
a train is a vehicle and a bus is a vehicle .
the train and the truck are each a vehicle .
the hammer and the spoon are near the tool .
the sparrow and the crow are birds .
a bus is a vehicle and a train is a vehicle .
the duck and the robin are birds .
a peach is one of the fruit and so is a fruit .
the puppy grows and the dog is in the garden .
a puppy is a young dog and a lamb is a young sheep .
a bus is a vehicle and a van is a vehicle .
the vegetables and the onion are in the yard .
the kitten grows and the cat is near .
a onion and a bean are vegetables .
the bean and the onion are vegetables .
a crow and a sparrow are birds .
a kitten is a young cat and a foal is a young horse .
a salmon and a carp are fish .
the carrot and the pea are near the vegetable .
the sparrow and the robin are birds .
a hen and a sparrow are birds .
the bean and the onion are near the vegetable .
a lamb grows and is a sheep .
the taxi and the truck are each a vehicle .
the brush and the blade are near the tool .
the salmon and the bass are fish .
the salmon and the trout are near the fish .
the lamb grows and the sheep is in the street .
the robin and the duck are birds .
the bean and the pea are vegetables .
a hen and a crow are birds .
the metal and the fabric are hard .
the coin is made of metal and the board is made of wood .
a dog is near the garden .
a bus is a vehicle and a taxi is a vehicle .
the duck and the owl are near the bird .
a cat is near the garden .
a bean and a pea are vegetables .
a lamb grows and then a sheep is near the hall .
the crow and the hen are near the bird .
the sparrow and the robin are near the bird .
a blade and a brush are tools .
the trees and the elm are in the hall .
the owl and the hen are near the bird .
the fruit and the banana are in the hall .
the elm and the oak are trees .
the hammer and the blade are tools .
a lamb grows and then a sheep is near the room .
the trees and the oak are in the hall .
the tools and the hammer are in the yard .
the train and the bus are each a vehicle .
a trout and a salmon are fish .
a train is a vehicle and a taxi is a vehicle .
the young sheep grows in the garden .
the fruit and the apple are in the street .
the fruit and the apple are in the garden .
the duck and the sparrow are birds .
the bass and the trout are near the fish .
the carp and the bass are near the fish .
the onion and the carrot are near the vegetable .
the bean and the carrot are vegetables .
a pear and a peach are fruit .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the hall .
the hen and the robin are near the bird .
the wood and the fabric are hard .
the onion and the carrot are vegetables .
a crow is one of the birds and so is a bird .
the young dog grows in the street .
a van is a vehicle and a truck is a vehicle .
the young dog grows in the room .
metal makes the coin and wood makes the board .
a train is a vehicle and a truck is a vehicle .
the young sheep grows in the hall .
a hen and a duck are birds .
the trees and the willow are in the yard .
the birds and the duck are in the street .
the robin and the crow are near the bird .
a taxi is a vehicle and a van is a vehicle .
the carp and the trout are fish .
the taxi and the train are each a vehicle .
the fruit and the banana are in the room .
the fish and the bass are in the hall .
the puppy and the foal grow and are a dog and a horse .
a puppy grows and is a dog .
the fruit and the peach are in the hall .
the pine and the oak are trees .
a trout and a carp are fish .
the fruit and the apple are in the yard .
the elm and the oak are near the tree .
the vegetables and the carrot are in the yard .
a apple and a pear are fruit .
the hammer and the brush are tools .
a train is a vehicle and a van is a vehicle .
a foal is a young horse and a kitten is a young cat .
the willow and the oak are near the tree .
the trout and the bass are fish .
a brush and a blade are tools .
a foal grows and then a horse is near the room .
the fruit and the peach are in the garden .
a truck is a vehicle and a bus is a vehicle .
the lamb grows and the sheep is near .
the cloth is made of fabric and the board is made of wood .
the fish and the carp are in the yard .
the duck and the hen are near the bird .
the trees and the elm are in the room .
a owl and a hen are birds .
a willow and a oak are trees .
the fruit and the pear are in the street .
the metal and the wood are hard .
the birds and the owl are in the room .
the birds and the hen are in the room .
a lamb grows and is a sheep .
a puppy grows and then a dog is near the yard .
a robin and a crow are birds .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the yard .
a goat is near the yard .
the trees and the pine are in the yard .
the bass and the carp are fish .
the young dog grows in the yard .
the carrot and the pea are vegetables .
the birds and the duck are in the garden .
the foal grows and the horse is in the market .
the brush and the spoon are tools .
a hammer and a brush are tools .
the pine and the elm are trees .
a dog is near the room .
the carp and the bass are fish .
the young cat grows in the market .
a carrot and a onion are vegetables .
the trees and the pine are in the room .
the blade and the spoon are near the tool .
a apple and a peach are fruit .
the fish and the salmon are in the street .
the trees and the oak are in the room .
the vegetables and the bean are in the garden .
a taxi is a vehicle and a bus is a vehicle .
the birds and the crow are in the room .
the apple and the pear are near the fruit .
the young horse grows in the street .
the fruit and the banana are in the street .
the elm and the pine are near the tree .
the elm and the willow are near the tree .
the birds and the crow are in the street .
the trees and the willow are in the room .
a owl and a robin are birds .
the pear and the peach are fruit .
the kitten grows and the cat is in the street .
a robin and a owl are birds .
